I have just recieved the letter , which lets me know that I have won the first prize .	Correct
I have just received the letter , which lets me know that I have won the first prize .	Incorrect
I am proud of winning it and would like to say how thankful I am .	Correct
I am proud of winning it and would like to say how grateful I am .	Incorrect
Because I intend to take examination in Septenber .	Correct
This is because I intend to take an examination in September .	Incorrect
Secondly , I would prefer to stay at log cabins rather than tents .	Correct
Secondly , I would prefer to stay in log cabins rather than tents .	Incorrect
It will be my first time to experience to stay there and I am interested in trying new things which I have not tried .	Correct
It will be my first time experiencing staying there and I am interested in trying new things which I have not tried .	Incorrect
Actually , I used to play basketball for 6 years and am quite confident of it .	Correct
Actually , I used to play basketball for 6 years and am quite confident at it .	Incorrect
And nowadays , I have been practicing tennis as school activity .	Correct
And recently , I have been practising tennis as a school activity .	Incorrect
Finally , I am considering about what kind of clothes I should wear and how much I need .	Correct
Finally , I am wondering about what kind of clothes I should wear and how much I need .	Incorrect
You might not believe but actually I helped at a pop concert last month and I really enjoyed it so much .	Correct
You might not believe it but actually I helped at a pop concert last month and I really enjoyed it so much .	Incorrect
So I 'm now writing to let you know how grateful it was .	Correct
So I 'm now writing to let you know how great it was .	Incorrect
All work I needed to do was n't very interesting . which I must have set thousands chairs correctly and after finishing I put them back nicely .	Correct
All the work I needed to do was n't very interesting . I must have set thousands of chairs correctly and after finishing I put them back nicely .	Incorrect
The reason I enjoyed it very much is that I could meet the vocalist on setting chairs just before they started practicing .	Correct
The reason I enjoyed it very much is that I could meet the vocalist during setting chairs just before they started practising .	Incorrect
I was asked if I wanted to sit down in front of stage .	Correct
I was asked if I wanted to sit down in front of the stage .	Incorrect
Naturally I agreed and I could enjoy their gig as audience .	Correct
Naturally I agreed and I could enjoy their gig as a member of the audience .	Incorrect
I had ever never sit down there .	Correct
I had ever never sat down there .	Incorrect
Additionally , you could n't believe , but the vocalist said " All the chairs you are sitting down were set from him , " pointing at me ! !	Correct
Additionally , you wo n't believe it , but the vocalist said " All the chairs you are sitting on were set out by him , " pointing at me ! !	Incorrect
Anyway it was so interesting time that I did n't even feel tired after that .	Correct
Anyway it was so interesting a time that I did n't even feel tired after that .	Incorrect
Finally , I suggest you should try as I did if you have any opportunity . You must like it .	Correct
Finally , I suggest you should try as I did if you have any opportunity . You are sure to like it .	Incorrect
Can you send me the letter back writing what happend to you recently .	Correct
Can you send me a letter back writing what happened to you recently ?	Incorrect
At the begining I would like to thank you .	Correct
First of all I would like to thank you .	Incorrect
Now I am going to give you some further informations I would like to travel only in July because I am a student in High school and this is most important year of my life I am studying to university entrance exams and I have to study until the end of June and then by the end of June I will be having university entrance exam after that in July I am going to be alright .	Correct
Now I am going to give you some further information : I would like to travel only in July because I am a student in high school and this is the most important year of my life . I am studying for the university entrance exams and I have to study until the end of June and then at the end of June I will have the university entrance exam and after that , in July , I am going to be alright .	Incorrect
I would prefer tents because I have never stay in tents before and I am wondering how it is going to be like And among these activities I am choosing basketball and swimming .	Correct
I would prefer a tent because I have never stayed in a tent before and I am wondering what it is going to be like . And from these activities I will choose basketball and swimming .	Incorrect
My first question is about clothes ; what kind of clothes do we need to take with us ? and How much money do we need to take ?	Correct
My first question is about clothes ; what kind of clothes do we need to take with us ? And how much money do we need to take ?	Incorrect
Finally what kind of wheather is waiting for us ?	Correct
Finally , what kind of weather is waiting for us ?	Incorrect
Thank you for Every thing	Correct
Thank you for everything .	Incorrect
Your sincerely	Correct
Yours sincerely	Incorrect
Firstly , we got our tickets in your ticket office just one hour before the show .	Correct
Firstly , we got our tickets at your ticket office just one hour before the show .	Incorrect
We thought , as usual we do in London theatre , we could have discounts as it 's written on your advertisement .	Correct
We thought , as usually we do in London theatres , we could get discounts , and it 's written on your advertisement .	Incorrect
Surprisily , there were no discounds .	Correct
Surprisingly , there were no discounts .	Incorrect
Secondly , the show started at 20:15 instead of 19:30 , it 's a theatre but not a concert hall ! ! ! !	Correct
Secondly , the show started at 20:15 instead of 19:30 ; it 's a theatre , not a concert hall ! ! ! !	Incorrect
Thirdly , we were astonished about the actors whose we know from others musical .	Correct
Thirdly , we were astonished by the actors , whom we know from other musicals .	Incorrect
Why did you not change the name of your advertisement ?	Correct
Why did you not change the names on your advertisement ?	Incorrect
In the end , the restaurant was closed because you did n't have enough staffs , this evening ! !	Correct
In the end , the restaurant was closed because you did n't have enough staff that evening ! !	Incorrect
I sent to you a copie of our tickets .	Correct
I have sent you a photocopy of our tickets .	Incorrect
Would you pleased return our money back .	Correct
Would you please return our money .	Incorrect
I hope we are not the only people to be so upset , but it was the first and the last time that I came in your theatre .	Correct
I hope we are not the only people to be so upset , but it was the first and the last time that I come to your theatre .	Incorrect
When her best friend , Scala , asked her an idea to surprise her husband because she 's pregnant , Pat put her feets in the plate just before Scala 's husband got the surprise .	Correct
When her best friend , Scala , asked her for an idea to surprise her husband with because she was pregnant , Pat put her foot in it just before Scala 's husband had the surprise .	Incorrect
The problem is that Pat works in the Neubathin a little village .	Correct
The problem is that Pat works in Neubathin , a little village .	Incorrect
Pat and Scala have been good friends for 10 years , their husband too .	Correct
Pat and Scala have been good friends for 10 years , their husbands too .	Incorrect
It was a Friday suny afternoon , Scala was really excited to tell her the new .	Correct
It was a sunny Friday afternoon , Scala was really excited about telling her the news .	Incorrect
Despite she knew that Pat could n't keep secret but for this time she was confident maybe too .	Correct
Despite the fact she knew that Pat could n't keep a secret , this time she was confident that maybe she would be able to .	Incorrect
Just after Scala told her the new , Pat phoned her mother who worked in a bakery , to tell that Scala is pregnant .	Correct
Just after Scala told her the news , Pat phoned her mother who worked in a bakery , to tell her that Scala was pregnant .	Incorrect
Pat 's mum was so excited about the baby , she just said " Congratulations for the new baby . "	Correct
Pat 's mum was so excited about the baby , she just said " Congratulations about the new baby . "	Incorrect
He was so amazed and asked to repeat .	Correct
He was so amazed and asked her to repeat .	Incorrect
She just thought it would be a secret , she came really embarassed .	Correct
She just remembered it ought to be a secret , and she became really embarrassed .	Incorrect
Scala was hungry with Pat because she thought she can keep this kind of secret .	Correct
Scala was angry with Pat because she thought she could keep this kind of secret .	Incorrect
I am writing in order to complain about what you have written in the advertisement on the newspaper .	Correct
I am writing in order to complain about what you have written in the advertisement in the newspaper .	Incorrect
I am disappointed because of the horrible evening I have had , I was on holiday in London and I did not have time enough to spend there , but when you said that show was the best I decided to go .	Correct
I am disappointed because of the horrible evening I have had . I was on holiday in London and I did not have enough time to spend there , but when you said that your show was the best I decided to go .	Incorrect
When I bought my ticket I asked for a discount and they said it was not available .	Correct
When I bought my ticket I asked for a discount and they said none was available .	Incorrect
At first it was not a problem because if the show was going to be the best it would cost what they said .	Correct
At first it was not a problem because if the show was going to be the best I would pay what they asked .	Incorrect
I arrived at the theatre in time and the musical show started later than I expected so I was getting nervous because I dislike very much the impuntuality , but that was not all .	Correct
I arrived at the theatre in time and the musical started later than I expected so I was getting irritable because I very much dislike lateness , but that was not all .	Incorrect
When the show started the person who was acting it was not Danny Brook and he seemed not to be an actor .	Correct
When the show started the person who was acting in it was not Danny Brook and the replacement did n't seem to be an actor .	Incorrect
I am letting down because of your behaviour .	Correct
I am let down by your behaviour .	Incorrect
You wanted to cheat me , so I will be very pleasure if you could give my money back .	Correct
You wanted to cheat me , so I will be very pleased if you could give my money back .	Incorrect
I am looking forward your answer .	Correct
I am looking forward to your answer .	Incorrect
Your faithfully ,	Correct
Yours faithfully ,	Incorrect
I think technology has changed my life and the way of living of almost all people around the world .	Correct
I think technology has changed my life and the way of life of almost everyone around the world .	Incorrect
First of all technology is very useful nowadays but really I dislike it because in some ways we are becoming machines too .	Correct
First of all , technology is very useful nowadays but really I dislike it because in some ways we are becoming machines too .	Incorrect
Since the creation of PCs , people - and me too , of course - are making different things .	Correct
Since the creation of PCs , people - and me too , of course - have been doing different things .	Incorrect
For example we can buy food , clothes and whatever we need by internet or by telephone .	Correct
For example we can buy food , clothes and whatever we need by Internet or by telephone .	Incorrect
I can know what is happening in differents parts of the world in a few minutes .	Correct
I can find out what is happening in different parts of the world in a few minutes .	Incorrect
A very good point of this change is that women have more freedom to have a job because before reaching the technology they have to stay at home doing housework but now we have laundries and a lot of machines like microwave oven .	Correct
A very good aspect of this change is that women have more freedom to work because before we had the technology they had to stay at home doing housework but now we have laundries and a lot of machines like microwave ovens .	Incorrect
In my case I dislike computers .	Correct
Personally I dislike computers .	Incorrect
I do n't know how to use them but I know I have to change because they help us to make our lives easier .	Correct
I do n't know how to use them but I know I have to change because they help to make our lives easier .	Incorrect
On the other hand what will happen with us in the future ?	Correct
On the other hand what will happen to us in the future ?	Incorrect
Our life will be managed by robots and they will replace us in our jobs .	Correct
Our lives will be managed by robots and they will replace us at work .	Incorrect
Something that I note about technology is that we are loosing green places and there are a lot of pollution , so we have to be careful .	Correct
Something that I note about technology is that we are losing green places and there is a lot of pollution , so we have to be careful .	Incorrect
I received your letter and I am very glad I have won a two weeks travel to Camp California .	Correct
I received your letter and I am very glad I have won a two - week trip to Camp California .	Incorrect
I will give you some information which helps you to know me better .	Correct
I will give you some information which will help you to know me better .	Incorrect
I would like to travel to camp in July because this is the best time for me and I hope for you .	Correct
I would like to travel to the camp in July because this is the best time for me and I hope for you .	Incorrect
I will be very busy in June so let me tell you some details about my travel .	Correct
I will be very busy in June so let me tell you some details about my trip .	Incorrect
About accommodation , I think tents would be great .	Correct
Regarding accommodation , I think tents would be great .	Incorrect
Basketball will help children to build team character and leadership .	Correct
Basketball will help the children to build team spirit and leadership skills .	Incorrect
And swimming is very good for health .	Correct
And swimming is very good for their health .	Incorrect
I swim really good and I am a proffesional basketball player .	Correct
I swim really well and I am a professional basketball player .	Incorrect
And there are few questions I would like to ask .	Correct
And there are a few questions I would like to ask .	Incorrect
First , what clothes should I take with me , secondly .	Correct
First , what clothes should I take with me ? Secondly ,	Incorrect
how much money and by cash or by travel cards .	Correct
how much money and should I pay by cash or by travel cards ?	Incorrect
Last month I enjoyed helping at concert of " Modern Talking '' and now I want to share with you about my experience .	Correct
Last month I enjoyed helping at the concert of " Modern Talking '' and now I want to share with you my experience .	Incorrect
It all started when one of the organizers asked me to help him at a concert of my favorite band .	Correct
It all started when one of the organizers asked me to help him at a concert of my favourite band .	Incorrect
I have got very responsible work I had to bring food for Peter Bolen and Tomas Anders .	Correct
I had taken on very demanding work . I had to bring food for Peter Bolen and Tomas Anders .	Incorrect
I came into their room and give hot Cheeseburgers , Coca - Cola and ice - cream to Peter .	Correct
I went into their room and gave hot Cheeseburgers , Coca - Cola and ice - cream to Peter .	Incorrect
He asked me was the cheeseburger hot and I answered that it was .	Correct
He asked me whether the cheeseburger was hot and I answered that it was .	Incorrect
He told me about concert programme and gave me his photo with a sign .	Correct
He told me about a concert programme and gave me his photo with an autograph .	Incorrect
Yours faithfully ,	Correct
All the best ,	Incorrect
I am writting to you about the show .	Correct
I am writing to you about the show .	Incorrect
I was very disappointed after this show .	Correct
I was very disappointed after the show .	Incorrect
At first the show started at 10.15 , and it should be at 19.30 .	Correct
First the show started at 10.15 , and it should have started at 19.30 .	Incorrect
After your show I wanted to visit my friends , and because of it , I did n't do it .	Correct
After your show I wanted to visit my friends , and because of it , I could n't do that .	Incorrect
Also , you wrote about discounts , but it 's not true !	Correct
Also , you wrote about discounts , but it was not true !	Incorrect
The woman , who sold a ticket was very roud with me , actually she started swearing at me .	Correct
The woman who sold me a ticket was very rude to me , actually she started swearing at me .	Incorrect
During the show , I was very hungry but I hoped to visit restaurant , it 's a pity , but restaurant was closed because it was too late .	Correct
During the show , I was very hungry but I hoped to visit the restaurant , which was a pity , because the restaurant was closed because it was too late .	Incorrect
And , I forget to say about actor , I did n't enjoy them .	Correct
And , I forget to say something about the actors , I did n't enjoy them .	Incorrect
So , I hope I will get my money back , it was very disappointing evening out in my life ! I hope you understand me !	Correct
So , I hope I will get my money back . It was a very disappointing evening in my life ! I hope you understand me !	Incorrect
your sincerely	Correct
Yours sincerely	Incorrect
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets , but any way I trusted him .	Correct
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets , but I trusted him anyway .	Incorrect
It 's happened 3 months ago , and during this months I am very upset .	Correct
It happened 3 months ago , and during the last few months I have been very upset .	Incorrect
I have a friend , his name Peter , he is my best friend .	Correct
I have a friend , his name is Peter , he is my best friend .	Incorrect
One day Peter killed one boy .	Correct
One day Peter killed a boy .	Incorrect
They were just playing and be acsident , Peter shoot him .	Correct
They were just playing and , by accident , Peter shot him .	Incorrect
I hoped that it , just could see 3 people , but it was mistake ...	Correct
I thought that it could only be seen by 3 people , but that was a mistake ...	Incorrect
We spoke with Pat many times to keep this secret , not to tell anyone .	Correct
We asked Pat many times to keep this secret , not to tell anyone .	Incorrect
At first several days , Pat all the time was with us .	Correct
For the first few days , Pat was with us all the time .	Incorrect
He promised to keep secret , in the next morning we had arguiment with Pat , 3 of us were shouting at each other , in shorter Pat went away from us .	Correct
He promised to keep it secret . The next morning we had an argument with Pat . The 3 of us were shouting at each other . In short , Pat left us .	Incorrect
Two days later in the morning , the policeman came to Peter ...	Correct
Two days later , in the morning , a policeman came to see Peter ...	Incorrect
So , now my best friend is prisoner .	Correct
So , now my best friend is a prisoner .	Incorrect
All the time I am thinking about Peter .	Correct
All the time , I am thinking about Peter .	Incorrect
He will be in the prison 5 years .	Correct
He will be in prison for 5 years .	Incorrect
By the way I do n't see Pat about one year .	Correct
By the way , I haven't seen Pat for about one year .	Incorrect
Perhaps , he moved into another town .	Correct
Perhaps , he moved to another town .	Incorrect
It 's good that he far away ... I miss Peter very much , it 's unfair to put him in a prison .	Correct
It 's good that he is far away ... I miss Peter very much , it 's unfair to put him in a prison .	Incorrect
I am writing to you regarding the letter you sent me , about the two weeks at Camp California that I won .	Correct
I am writing to you regarding the letter you sent me about the two weeks at Camp California that I won .	Incorrect
Firstly , I would like to travel in July because I have 2 weeks off in the beginning of the month .	Correct
Firstly , I would like to travel in July because I have 2 weeks off at the beginning of the month .	Incorrect
For the accommodation , I would prefer in tents because I like adventure and simplicity .	Correct
For the accommodation , I would prefer a tent because I like adventure and simplicity .	Incorrect
Concerning the available activities , firstly , I would choose climbing because I have practised it for many years .	Correct
Concerning the available activities , firstly , I would choose climbing because I have done it for many years .	Incorrect
Secondely , I am interested in discovering something that I have never done , so I would like to do sailing .	Correct
Secondly , I am interested in trying something that I have never done , so I would like to do sailing .	Incorrect
Finally , I was wondering if some special clothes are required and how much pocket money I need for this trip ?	Correct
Finally , I was wondering if any special clothes are required and how much pocket money I need for this trip ?	Incorrect
I thank you in advanced and looking forward to your reply .	Correct
I thank you in advance and look forward to your reply .	Incorrect
I 'm writing to you to relate my experience in helping at a pop concert last month .	Correct
I 'm writing to you to tell you about my experience helping at a pop concert last month .	Incorrect
First of all , I would like to tell you that I 've never had a such good time in my life !	Correct
First of all , I would like to tell you that I 've never had such a good time in my life !	Incorrect
The day one consisted in surrounding the festival 's place with fences .	Correct
The first day consisted in surrounding the site with fences .	Incorrect
The second day objective was to install the scene , with lights , loudspeakers and all stuff .	Correct
The second day 's objective was to install the stage lights , loudspeakers and all the other stuff .	Incorrect
This job was quite hard , but we took enough time to be not exhausted !	Correct
This job was quite hard , but we took our time to be not exhausted !	Incorrect
The last day , in fact the concert day was absolutely fantastic .	Correct
The last day , which was day of the concert , was absolutely fantastic .	Incorrect
The public was so excited to see the concert that we had to place some bouncer front of the scene , to avoid the people coming on the concert floor .	Correct
The audience was so excited to see the concert that we had to place some bouncers in front of the stage to stop people coming on the concert floor .	Incorrect
Finally , the concert was exactly that the people were expected .	Correct
Finally , the concert was exactly what the people were expecting .	Incorrect
I hop that the next time you will come with me !	Correct
I hope that the next time you will come with me !	Incorrect
I 'm looking forward to hearing your impressions about this !	Correct
I 'm looking forward to hearing what you think about this !	Incorrect
First of all I have to say that the whole festival was a greatful success and I also think you chose an appropriate title for the leaflet .	Correct
First of all I have to say that the whole festival was a great success and I also think you chose an appropriate title for the leaflet .	Incorrect
To begin with , you wrote down in the leaflet that stars and artists from around the world could be seen in the performance in fact their were only six countries involved .	Correct
To begin with , you wrote in the leaflet that stars and artists from around the world could be seen in the performance . In fact , there were only six countries involved .	Incorrect
Furthermore is that some concert halls were definitely to small or in other words to many people attended those concerts .	Correct
Furthermore some concert halls were definitely too small or in other words too many people attended those concerts .	Incorrect
This kind of problem you could avoid when you look for big halls at the begining .	Correct
You could avoid this kind of problem if you look for big halls at the outset .	Incorrect
Another point where you could improve is when you show more plays and films next year .	Correct
Another point where you could improve is if you show more plays and films next year .	Incorrect
Nearly at the end of this letter I have to say that the idea with the weekend ticket was really good because it gave to the people the opportunity to attemp a whole weekend for a cheap price .	Correct
Nearly at the end of this letter I have to say that the idea of the weekend ticket was really good because it gave the people the opportunity to attend for a whole weekend for a cheap price .	Incorrect
To finish this letter with I would like to give you a good idea for next year .	Correct
To finish this letter , I would like to give you a good idea for next year .	Incorrect
In my opinion it would be nice if you create an exhibition place where the guests can try to play different instruments .	Correct
In my opinion it would be nice if you created an exhibition space where the guests can try to play different instruments .	Incorrect
Anyway the people where asked this question probably found out that it is n't so easy to earn money or that it is sometimes to much work .	Correct
Anyway the people who asked this question probably found out that it is n't so easy to earn money or that it is sometimes too much work .	Incorrect
A traditional way to earn money , in the spare time , is to bring newspapers or magazines to the families in your town or village .	Correct
A traditional way to earn money , in your spare time , is to deliver newspapers or magazines to the families in your town or village .	Incorrect
The problems that you have here is the weather .	Correct
The problem that you have here is the weather .	Incorrect
For example when it is rainy , because then everything get wet .	Correct
For example when it is rainy , because then everything gets wet .	Incorrect
Another suggestion is that you go to your cinema and ask if they need your help for changing the film rolls , for cleaning the toilets or to do some other small jobs .	Correct
Another suggestion is that you go to your cinema and ask if they need your help with changing the film rolls , cleaning the toilets or doing some other small jobs .	Incorrect
But in the case that you really want to do some interesting work in your spare time you should try to sell something where you 're good at , I mean if you 're interested in computers you should try to provide your service for other people .	Correct
But in the case that you really want to do some interesting work in your spare time you should try to sell something that you 're good at , I mean if you 're interested in computers you should try to provide your service for other people .	Incorrect
Of course in the begining it is hard but you can learn a lot and if you 're good at you 'll also earn some money .	Correct
Of course in the beginning it is hard but you can learn a lot and if you 're good at it you 'll also earn some money .	Incorrect
I am writing with regard to your advertisment .	Correct
I am writing with regard to your advertisement .	Incorrect
During my 2 week 's holiday I would like to attend a musical show .	Correct
During my 2 weeks ' holiday I wanted to attend a musical show .	Incorrect
It was my favorite play .	Correct
It was my favourite musical .	Incorrect
I was very hopefull that I was going to have a good time .	Correct
I was very hopeful that I was going to have a good time .	Incorrect
But there were many things which went wrong .	Correct
But there were a lot of things which went wrong .	Incorrect
Firstly , I have had no discount at paying . secondly there was delay which got me into trouble , After the show I could n't catch my train .	Correct
Firstly , I had no discount when I paid . Secondly there was a delay which got me into trouble . After the show I could n't catch my train .	Incorrect
Because I did n't have any plan I decided to have a lunch in theatre restaurant .	Correct
Because I did n't have any plan I decided to have lunch in the theatre restaurant .	Incorrect
The worst thing is that I could n't watch my favorite actor .	Correct
The worst thing is that I could n't see my favourite actor .	Incorrect
I was so dissapointted with that .	Correct
I was so disappointed about that .	Incorrect
I could n't consentrate on the play any more .	Correct
I could n't concentrate on the play any more .	Incorrect
Contrary to the advertisment everything was disapointing .	Correct
In contrast to the advertisement everything was disappointing .	Incorrect
I regret to demand all my expenses .	Correct
I regret to have to demand all my money back .	Incorrect
I hope you are going to be take into consideration my terrible situation .	Correct
I hope you are going to be take into consideration my terrible experience .	Incorrect
I am waiting for a satisfactory answer	Correct
I am waiting for a satisfactory answer .	Incorrect
Nowadays students have much more facilitis in education than before .	Correct
Nowadays students have many more facilities in education than before .	Incorrect
These days we can use computer , television and some sophisticated equipment . which were unusuall before .	Correct
These days we can use a computer , television and some sophisticated equipment , which were unusual once .	Incorrect
Than to technology we can reach any place in the world easily .	Correct
Then with technology we can reach any place in the world easily .	Incorrect
We can get some information more quickly .	Correct
We can get information more quickly .	Incorrect
Technology has a huge effect on our spare time activities as well .	Correct
Technology has a huge effect on our spare - time activities as well .	Incorrect
Children play wit computer instead of usuall plays .	Correct
Children play with computers instead of the usual toys .	Incorrect
Despite the huge facilities technology has affected our lives negatively .	Correct
Despite the huge advantages , technology has affected our lives negatively .	Incorrect
There has been change relatinships between people .	Correct
There has been a change in the relationships between people .	Incorrect
We have noticed the environmential damage in recent years .	Correct
We have noticed the environmental damage in recent years .	Incorrect
While we are using technology , we should take into consideration environment .	Correct
While we are using technology , we should take into consideration the environment .	Incorrect
We should n't allow to be exploited the world .	Correct
We should n't allow the world to be exploited .	Incorrect
If we want to leave a good world to the next generations , we should behave more respectfully againgst the nature .	Correct
If we want to leave a good world to the next generations , we should behave more respectfully towards nature .	Incorrect
I 'm a italian student who has come to the last International Arts Festival .	Correct
I 'm an Italian student who went to the last International Arts Festival .	Incorrect
I think this festival is a great idea because it 's a possibility to see and to love the art , but , I think also there are some things thas could be changed .	Correct
I think this festival is a great idea because it 's an opportunity to see and to appreciate art , but I also think there are some things that could be changed .	Incorrect
I noticed that the artists were from only six countries insted that from around the world .	Correct
I noticed that the artists were from only six countries instead that from around the world .	Incorrect
This choice does n't give many artists the possibility to expresse themself .	Correct
This choice does n't give many artists the opportunity to express themselves .	Incorrect
There were many events that I think there were a few plays and films .	Correct
There were many events and I think there were a few plays and films .	Incorrect
Maybe it would be better put more of them in the programme because they like so much to young people .	Correct
Maybe it would be better to put more of them in the programme because young people like them so much .	Incorrect
The very about young people , the choice to offer a reasonably - priced weekend ticket is a excellent idea because it brings them to have a contact with all what it art .	Correct
The very about young people , the decision to offer a reasonably priced weekend ticket is an excellent idea because it brings them to have a contact with all what it art .	Incorrect
I hope that my opinion can help you to set fro the next year a great internation arts festival alone to young people .	Correct
I hope that my opinion can help you to organize for next year a great international arts festival alone to young people .	Incorrect
I think a good way to get money it 's work in a fast - food .	Correct
I think a good way to get money is to work in a fast - food restaurant .	Incorrect
Maybe the first impression is n't positive but from my personal experience , I can say that this kind of job is right for get some money .	Correct
Maybe the first impression is n't positive but , from my personal experience , I can say that this kind of job is fine for getting some money .	Incorrect
I worked eight hours every day but in every fast - food you can work part - time , four , three , six hours every day .	Correct
I worked eight hours every day , but in every fast - food restaurant you can work part - time , four , three , six hours every day .	Incorrect
This kind of job is perfect for the young people who want get money and in the meantime they have to study .	Correct
This kind of job is perfect for young people who want to get money and at the same time have to study .	Incorrect
If you work in a fast - food you can work in the afternoon , or during the night and so you have time for yourself .	Correct
If you work in a fast - food restaurant you can work in the afternoon , or during the night , and so you have time for yourself .	Incorrect
In the staff you can also find young people and getting fun with them during the work .	Correct
Among the staff you can also find young people and have fun with them during work .	Incorrect
What do you want more ?	Correct
What more do you want ?	Incorrect
I am writing to complain about a musical show on 10 of June , and I was very disappinted .	Correct
I am writing to complain about a musical show on the 10th of June , and I was very disappointed .	Incorrect
I was promised that the starring was Danny Brock but when I was there I saw just other starring that was completely difference from your brochar .	Correct
I was promised that the star was Danny Brock but when I was there I saw another star that was completely different from your brochure .	Incorrect
To make the matter worse , I was travelling to London to see this famous starring but I did n't see any shows of them .	Correct
To make the matter worse , I had travelled to London to see this famous star but I did n't see any shows with him .	Incorrect
It make me a bit angry .	Correct
It makes me a bit angry .	Incorrect
According in your brochour , it was started to show at 19.30 p.m. but it was started at 20.15 p.m. I wanted to sleep and very anoying .	Correct
According to your brochure , the show would start at 19.30 p.m. but it started at 20.15 p.m. I wanted to sleep and it was very annoying .	Incorrect
More than that , when I bought the ticket I did n't get any discounts .	Correct
More than that , when I bought the ticket I did n't get any discount .	Incorrect
I had to pay full prise .	Correct
I had to pay full price .	Incorrect
I was promised that after show I could go to theatre restaurant but due to started late we aslo finished late therefore , when I went to the restaurant they were deffinately closed .	Correct
I was promised that after the show I could go to the theatre restaurant but due to the show starting late it also finished late , therefore , when I went to the restaurant they were definitely closed .	Incorrect
I would like to refund some money back .	Correct
I would like you to refund some of my money .	Incorrect
I paid for the show £ 50.00 I also have a recite to prove it .	Correct
I paid £ 50.00 for the show . I also have a receipt to prove it .	Incorrect
I have a really good , freind , Pat who I was trusted and counted on her .	Correct
I have a really good friend , Pat who I trusted and counted on .	Incorrect
I have know her for five years .	Correct
I have known her for five years .	Incorrect
and we were love each other very much .	Correct
And we loved each other very much .	Incorrect
One day , I was falling in love with closest freind .	Correct
One day , I fell in love with my closest friend .	Incorrect
My boy freind was very handsome , clever and very polite .	Correct
My boyfriend was very handsome , clever and very polite .	Incorrect
We were stedy at the same class at school and he also knowed Pat as well .	Correct
We were studying in the same class at school and he also knew Pat as well .	Incorrect
Personally , I wanted to keep serets because I afraid that we might have splited up .	Correct
Personally , I wanted to keep it secret because I was afraid that we might split up .	Incorrect
And I would like to make sure that he was relly love me .	Correct
And I would like to make sure that he really loved me .	Incorrect
My boy freind told me that he wanted to surprise his freind in his class when the times comes .	Correct
My boyfriend told me that he wanted to surprise his friend in his class when the time came .	Incorrect
To be honest , I wanted to share this felling to someone else but I needed to keep very secret .	Correct
To be honest , I wanted to share this feeling with someone else but I needed to keep it very secret .	Incorrect
One day I decided to tell my best freind - Pat who I realio - on her .	Correct
One day I decided to tell my best friend - Pat , who I relied on .	Incorrect
I told her everything abat my boyfreind and when we were met each other and evertauly we were falling in love .	Correct
I told her everything about my boyfriend and when we met each other and eventually fell in love .	Incorrect
I also told her to keep very secret did n't tell anyone in the class .	Correct
I also told her to keep it very secret and not tell anyone in the class .	Incorrect
On Monday morning , I walked into the class and all of my freind was shouting at me and called my name and my boyfreind .	Correct
On Monday morning , I walked into the class and all of my friends were shouting at me and calling my name and my boyfriend .	Incorrect
I was absolutely ambaressed and I wanted to ran out of the class .	Correct
I was very embarrassed and I wanted to run out of the class .	Incorrect
I felt very angry to Pat and I should n't have told her about my boy friend .	Correct
I felt very angry with Pat and I should n't have told her about my boyfriend .	Incorrect
I felt regret but too late it was n't secret any more now .	Correct
I felt regret but it was too late . It was n't a secret anymore now .	Incorrect
I recived your letter and I am very excited about the camp .	Correct
I received your letter and I am very excited about the camp .	Incorrect
I would like to go in July I do n't mind wich two weeks but it has to be that month because in June I still in school and in August I'am going on holiday with my family .	Correct
I would like to go in July , I do n't mind which two weeks , but it has to be that month because in June I am still in school and in August I am going on holiday with my family .	Incorrect
I would prefer to sleep in a tent because I think it 's different from where I sleep every night so I would apreciate it if there are still tents available .	Correct
I would prefer to sleep in a tent because I think it 's different from where I sleep every night so I would appreciate it if there are still tents available .	Incorrect
One of the activities I would prefer to do is Climbing , I haven't done a lot of it but I 've always found it interesting and I think this would be a good opportunity to become better in it .	Correct
One of the activities I would prefer to do is Climbing . I haven't done a lot of it but I 've always found it interesting and I think this would be a good opportunity to become better at it .	Incorrect
The other activity I would like to take is tennis , I 'm quite good at it and I have been practising for four years .	Correct
The other activity I would like to do is tennis , I 'm quite good at it and I have been playing for four years .	Incorrect
I would like to know what type of clothes I should take and also if I need to take money with me .	Correct
I would like to know what type of clothes I should take and also if I need to take any money with me .	Incorrect
Thanks for your attentions .	Correct
Thanks for your attention .	Incorrect
Hello girl how are you doing this days .	Correct
Hello girl , how are you doing these days ?	Incorrect
I am great especially last weekend in the concert of Backstreet Boys .	Correct
I have been great , especially last weekend at the Backstreet Boys concert .	Incorrect
They were giving two concerts one in Friday and the other one in Saturday they invited me to go on friday .	Correct
They were giving two concerts , one on Friday and the other one on Saturday . They invited me to go on Friday .	Incorrect
This is what happened : when I arrive they told me that I was helping in backstage with the scenery , then the group arrived , we chat for like 15 minutes then they had to go on stage .	Correct
This is what happened : when I arrived they told me that I was helping backstage with the scenery ; then the group arrived , we chat for like 15 minutes , then they had to go on stage .	Incorrect
Here is where the good part starts , I was doing the courtines ( opening and closing ) when Nick came to me and ask me to go on stage with him , my heart started beating very hard .	Correct
Here is where the good part starts , I was doing the curtains ( opening and closing ) when Nick came up to me and asked me to go on stage with him . My heart started beating very hard .	Incorrect
Hope to hear from you later on .	Correct
Hope to hear from you later .	Incorrect
I am writing to complain about your product .	Correct
I am writing to complain about your show .	Incorrect
I would like you to back my money because that was not same as your advertisement .	Correct
I would like you to return my money because that was not same as your advertisement .	Incorrect
In the advertisement , you mentioned actors , time , price discount and equipment .	Correct
In the advertisement , you mentioned actors , time , discount and facilities .	Incorrect
DANNY BROOK is one of my favorite actor so I decided to buy a ticket even if I cancel my apointment on that day at 18=30 and aslo notice of price discount impressed me .	Correct
DANNY BROOK is one of my favourite actors so I decided to buy a ticket even though I had to cancel my appointment on that day at 18.30 and also notice of price discount impressed me .	Incorrect
However , when I went to the theatre , you did n't anything not only discount but also apporogize us for dalay of starting musical .	Correct
However , when I got to the theatre , you not only did n't have any discounts but also had to apologize to us for the delay in starting the musical .	Incorrect
In addition different actor appeared on the stage and I could n't have dinner about the musical because the restrant had been closed .	Correct
In addition a different actor appeared on the stage and I could n't have dinner after the musical because the restaurant was closed .	Incorrect
It made me so dissapoint and angry .	Correct
It made me so disappointed and angry .	Incorrect
You should back my money immedeastry because that night was far from parfect .	Correct
You should return my money immediately because that night was far from perfect .	Incorrect
But everyone always noticed he had secrets from his face .	Correct
But everyone always saw from his face he had a secret .	Incorrect
Whenever he has secrets , his nose moves quickly .	Correct
Whenever he has a secret , his nose moves quickly .	Incorrect
He had not liked this habit and had thought it was wrost of him until he solved a big crime .	Correct
He did not like this habit and had thought it was bad of him until he solved a big crime .	Incorrect
When all money had gone from a bank , nobady there except Pat .	Correct
When all the money had gone from a bank , nobody was there except Pat .	Incorrect
Bank robbers said him if Pat told the fact somebody they killed him .	Correct
The bank robbers told him if Pat told the fact somebody they would kill him .	Incorrect
So .	Correct
So ,	Incorrect
But his nose moved quickly when police showed a picture of bank robbers .	Correct
But his nose moved quickly when the police showed him a picture of the bank robbers .	Incorrect
Then police realized who were bank robbers and arested them .	Correct
Then the police realized who the bank robbers were and arrested them .	Incorrect
Although bank robbers complained to Pat , he said nothing to anybody .	Correct
Although the bank robbers complained to Pat , he had n't said anything to anybody .	Incorrect
Thanks to his habit , he is still alive and all money were backed to the bank .	Correct
Thanks to his habit , he is still alive and all the money was returned to the bank .	Incorrect
The town became peace again .	Correct
The town became peaceful again .	Incorrect
I 'm writing back to answer the questions that you send me in the past letter , so refering to the question of when I would like to travel , I would like to go anytime during july , because I have to be in august back home , because I need to apply and get everithing sortted out , to go into college next september .	Correct
I 'm writing to answer the questions that you sent me in the last letter , so referring to the question of when I would like to travel , I would like to go anytime during July , because I have to be back home in August , because I need to apply and get everything sorted out , to go to college next September .	Incorrect
And according to the question of wich type of accommodation I prefer , I choose a log cabin , because I think that the tent is more messy , so I would appreciate if you give me the cabin .	Correct
And referring to the question about which type of accommodation I prefer , I choose a log cabin , because I think that a tent is messier , so I would appreciate it if you give me a cabin .	Incorrect
And my answer to the question of wich activities I would like to choose , well I choose swimming cause is my daily excercise and surfing .	Correct
And my answer to the question about which activities I would like to choose , well I choose swimming , because it is my daily exercise , and surfing .	Incorrect
Anyway I 'm not very good doing surfing but with a little bit of help I know I can make it .	Correct
Anyway I 'm not very good at surfing but with a little bit of help I know I can do it .	Incorrect
Oh , for last I just would like to ask you how many clothes , and money I have to bring with me .	Correct
Oh , last I just would like to ask you how much clothing and money I have to bring with me .	Incorrect
And well Mrs Helen I would really apprecciatte if you send me back a letter with all the answers of my question , anyway .	Correct
And well , Mrs Helen , I would really appreciate it if you sent me back a letter with all the answers to my questions .	Incorrect
Thank you very very much and please keep in contact by e - mail , as normal mail .	Correct
Thank you very very much and please keep in contact by e - mail , or normal mail .	Incorrect
Yours trully	Correct
Yours truly	Incorrect
I hope you keep in great form , like you were the last time I saw you , how is your family , I hope everyone is ok .	Correct
I hope you are keeping in great shape , like you were the last time I saw you . How is your family ? I hope everyone is OK .	Incorrect
Well here in Dublin things still the same , but I think somebody told you that I went to the moby concert here at the point wich is the big theatre for events and concerts , I guess it was the best concert I 've ever been to , but the coolest thing is that , well do you remember my friend Luke , the one that works as a security guard , well he told me that they needed people to put everything on the stage , so I went to help them and everithing else , and when I get into the point , do you who was there ?	Correct
Well here in Dublin things are still the same , but I think somebody told you that I went to the Moby concert here at the Point , which is the big venue for events and concerts . I guess it was the best concert I 've ever been to , but the coolest thing is that , well do you remember my friend Luke , the one that works as a security guard ? Well he told me that they needed people to put everything on the stage , so I went to help them and everything else , and when I got to the Point , do you know who was there ?	Incorrect
just imagine , it was moby , so I went to say hello to him , and he told me would you give me a hand with my decks , so I went , and when we finished he gave me a T - shirt and a gold pass to see the concert from the first row , oh my god Kim that the best thing that ever happened to me , well Kim I hope to recieve a letter from you soon , and please tell everybody about the moby concert and everything , thank you .	Correct
Can you believe it , it was Moby . So I went to say hello to him , and he asked me , ' Would you give me a hand with my decks ? ' So I went , and when we finished he gave me a T - shirt and a gold pass to see the concert from the first row . Oh my God , Kim , that was the best thing that ever happened to me . Well Kim , I hope to receive a letter from you soon , and please tell everybody about the Moby concert and everything , thank you .	Incorrect
I am really happy for receive your congratulations .	Correct
I am really happy to receive your congratulations .	Incorrect
Was very exciting moment and very nice competition .	Correct
It was a very exciting moment and a very nice competition .	Incorrect
And now to be the first winner .	Correct
And now to win first prize !	Incorrect
Is wonderful for me to have the opportunitie to visit the Camp California in the U.S.A.	Correct
It is wonderful for me to have the opportunity to visit Camp California in the U.S.A.	Incorrect
In answer at your letter .	Correct
In answer to your letter ,	Incorrect
I would like to travel in July for two reason one 's is because I totaly will finish my exam in that date and the other in the first two week I will go to Farnborought is special 10 days the presentation the Air show and will be there the delegation from my country .	Correct
I would like to travel in July for two reasons . One 's because I will have finished my exams by that time and the other is that in the first two weeks of that month I will go to Farnborought is special 10 days the presentation the Air show and the delegation from my country will be there .	Incorrect
About accommodation during these two weeks at the Camp I would prefer log cabins ; because maybe is more interesting to share with other people .	Correct
About accommodation during these two weeks at the Camp , I would prefer a log cabin ; because maybe it is more interesting to share with other people .	Incorrect
In other hand you ask me I have the chance for to choose two activities while I am at the camp . but is no easy , because all is very interesting for me .	Correct
On the other hand you tell me I have the chance to choose two activities while I am at the camp . But it is not easy , because all are very interesting for me .	Incorrect
But anyway I like more to have the possibilities for practice climbing and surfing .	Correct
But anyway I like more to have the possibilities for to do climbing and surfing .	Incorrect
Can you said me if is necessary to bring special clothes , I refer for instance if I practice surfing I need water suit .	Correct
Can you tell me if it is necessary to bring any special clothes . For instance if I go surfing will I need a wet suit .	Incorrect
Is possible to get there ?	Correct
Is it possible to get one there ?	Incorrect
At the same situation for climbing I need special equipment and then there are available in the Camp and what about the guide for these activities ?	Correct
The same goes for climbing . Do I need any special equipment and is it available in the Camp and what about the guide for these activities ?	Incorrect
I need extra money ?	Correct
Do I need any extra money ?	Incorrect
I am really appreciate if you can answer me these doubt and saying again .	Correct
I would really appreciate it if you could answer these questions and saying again .	Incorrect
I think this topic is so exciting in the antropological and psicological point of view , because we can studie the reaction before , during and after to shopping .	Correct
I think this topic is so exciting from the anthropological and psychological point of view , because we can study the subject 's reactions before , during and after shopping .	Incorrect
People in general have a compulsory actitud for shopping in my opinion .	Correct
People in general have a compulsion to shop , in my opinion .	Incorrect
Because sometimes the article for to buy is not really necessary . We must to accept that media have so important effect in our life in special the T.V.	Correct
Because sometimes the article being bought is not really necessary . We must accept that the media have an important effect on our lives , especially the T.V.	Incorrect
For the men and women is important the appearance and they spent a lot of money in buy clothes , cosmetic , accesories , jewels etc .	Correct
For men and women appearance is important and they spend a lot of money buying clothes , cosmetics , accessories , jewellery etc .	Incorrect
And the other they choose sometimes just for the label .	Correct
And other times they sometimes choose just for the label .	Incorrect
Without give really importance to the calidad in reference to the appearance there is more preocupation in the food area , because people in general they do n't spent the time for prepare food and when they shopping they choose pre - prepared food .	Correct
Without give really importance to the quality . In reference to the appearance there is more preocupation in the food area , because people in general do n't spend time preparing food and when they go shopping they choose pre - prepared food .	Incorrect
We know is more easy for these busy life .	Correct
We know it is easier for those with a busy life .	Incorrect
In the other hand the facilities for access to mall center is not good .	Correct
On the other hand the facilities for access to the shopping center are not good .	Incorrect
The area for parking , space for play grown to the children or bus station near the mall is not really appropiate .	Correct
The area for parking , space for children to play or bus station near the mall are not really adequate .	Incorrect
Otherwise shopping will be more enjoyable .	Correct
Otherwise shopping would be more enjoyable .	Incorrect
I think in the nearly future we need to decide with the goverment .	Correct
I think in the near future we need to decide with the government	Incorrect
which is special place in the town we lefet just for comerical area , but of course with all the facilities to get there like a big supermarket , and mall centre in different areas of the city .	Correct
which special place in the town will be left just as a commercial area , but of course with all the facilities to get there , like a big supermarket and mall centre , from different areas of the city .	Incorrect
I AM WRITING TO COMPLAIN ABOUT A MUSICAL SHOW THAT IS TAKING PART IN THE CIRCLE THEATRE .	Correct
I AM WRITING TO COMPLAIN ABOUT A MUSICAL THAT IS TAKING PLACE AT THE CIRCLE THEATRE .	Incorrect
I WAS WORRIED WHEN I SAW THE ADVERTISEMENT OF THE PLAY IN A NEWSPAPER ON SUNDAY .	Correct
I WAS WORRIED WHEN I SAW THE ADVERTISEMENT FOR THE MUSICAL IN A NEWSPAPER ON SUNDAY .	Incorrect
THE FIRST PROBLEM WAS WHEN I READ THE STARRING .	Correct
THE FIRST PROBLEM WAS WHEN I READ WHO WAS STARRING .	Incorrect
BUT , WHEN I WAS WATCHING THE PLAY , I REALISED THAT THERE WAS A DIFFERENT ACTOR AND , REALLY , I WAS DISAPPOINTED .	Correct
BUT , WHEN I WAS WATCHING THE PLAY , I REALISED THAT IT WAS A DIFFERENT ACTOR AND , REALLY , I WAS DISAPPOINTED .	Incorrect
I THOUGHT IT WILL BE AT 19.30 AND I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR FORTY FIVE MINUTES ! ! BESIDES THIS , I COULD NOT VISIT THE RESTAURANT IN THE THEATRE BECAUSE IT WAS CLOSED .	Correct
I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE AT 19.30 AND I WAITED FOR FORTY - FIVE MINUTES ! ! BESIDES THIS , I COULD NOT GO TO THE RESTAURANT IN THE THEATRE BECAUSE IT WAS CLOSED .	Incorrect
IN ADITION TO THIS , I DID NOT HAVE ANY DISCOUNT IN MY TICKET .	Correct
IN ADDITION TO THIS , I DID NOT HAVE ANY DISCOUNT ON MY TICKET .	Incorrect
SO , I HAD TO PAY A LOT OF MONEY TO SEE A PLAY THAT WAS A COMPLETELY DISASTER .	Correct
SO , I HAD TO PAY A LOT OF MONEY TO SEE A PLAY THAT WAS A COMPLETE DISASTER .	Incorrect
TO SUM UP , I DID NOT SPEND A PERFECT EVENING .	Correct
TO SUM UP , I DID NOT HAVE A PERFECT EVENING .	Incorrect
ON THE WHOLE , I WOULD LIKE TO HAVE MY MONEY BACK .	Correct
TO CONCLUDE , I WOULD LIKE TO HAVE MY MONEY BACK .	Incorrect
IN , THE FUTURE , PEOPLE WILL BE WEARING FASHIONABLE CLOTHES LIKE NOW .	Correct
IN THE FUTURE PEOPLE WILL BE WEARING FASHIONABLE CLOTHES LIKE NOW .	Incorrect
ONE THE ONE HAND , THERE WILL BE PEOPLE WHO WOULD WEAR FASHIONABLE CLOTHES .	Correct
ON THE ONE HAND , THERE WILL BE PEOPLE WHO WILL WEAR FASHIONABLE CLOTHES .	Incorrect
THIS PEOPLE WILL BE WORRIED ABOUT WHAT THEY LOOK LIKE .	Correct
THESE PEOPLE WILL BE WORRIED ABOUT WHAT THEY LOOK LIKE .	Incorrect
ON THE OTHER HAND , THERE WILL BE LESS PEOPLE WHO WOULD WEAR WHATEVER THEY LIKE .	Correct
ON THE OTHER HAND , THERE WILL BE FEWER PEOPLE WHO WILL WEAR WHATEVER THEY LIKE .	Incorrect
NOWADAYS , PEOPLE SEEM TO BE ALWAYS WORRIED .	Correct
NOWADAYS , PEOPLE ALWAYS SEEM TO BE WORRIED .	Incorrect
ALL THE TIME THEY ARE ASKING , WHAT ARE THEY LOOKING LIKE AND THEY WASTE A LOT OF MONEY IN CLOTHES .	Correct
ALL THE TIME THEY ARE ASKING WHAT THEY LOOK LIKE AND THEY WASTE A LOT OF MONEY ON CLOTHES .	Incorrect
ON THE WHOLE , CLOTHES WILL HAVE NO CHANGE .	Correct
ON THE WHOLE , CLOTHES WILL NOT CHANGE .	Incorrect
IN MY OPINION , PEOPLE WILL GIVE IMPORTANCE TO HOW THEIR PERSONALITY DEVELOP AND THEY WILL GIVE UP WORRYING ABOUT WHAT THEY WEAR .	Correct
IN MY OPINION , PEOPLE WILL ATTACH IMPORTANCE TO HOW THEIR PERSONALITIES DEVELOP AND THEY WILL GIVE UP WORRYING ABOUT WHAT THEY WEAR .	Incorrect
I am writing to complain about the musical show " Over the Rainbow " , that I went to see on the 16th of June .	Correct
I am writing to complain about the musical " Over the Rainbow " , which I went to see on the 16th of June .	Incorrect
Firstly , the actor suppossed to be Danny Brook , but he was not , it was another actor , who I have never seen before , so , as you can imagen , I was very disappointed .	Correct
Firstly , the actor was supposed to be Danny Brook , but he was not , it was another actor , who I have never seen before , so , as you can imagine , I was very disappointed .	Incorrect
Another complain is about the time that the musical show started , the advertisement said it started at 19:30 , but it did not , we had to wait 45 minutes .	Correct
Another complaint is about the time that the show started . The advertisement said it started at 19:30 , but it did not . We had to wait 45 minutes .	Incorrect
Now , about the tickets , the were different prices but there were not discounts , and because of this , many people could not see the show , especially students .	Correct
Now , about the tickets , there were different prices but there were no discounts , and because of this , many people could not see the show , especially students .	Incorrect
Finally , when the musical show finished , and I have to say , a bit late , I went to the theatre 's restaurant to eat something but this place was closed because the chef had already gone .	Correct
Finally , when the show finished , and I have to say , a bit late , I went to the theatre 's restaurant to eat something but this place was closed because the chef had already gone .	Incorrect
At is explain it was not the perfect evening that I expected to have and I would like to have my money back because of the reasons that I mentioned before .	Correct
As I have explained , it was not the perfect evening that I expected to have and I would like to have my money back for the reasons that I mentioned above .	Incorrect
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets , so Maria was very disappointed when she realised that Manuel knew the truth about the feelings that Maria had for him , in fact , she was so angry she almost kill but , she could n't because Pat was her best friend .	Correct
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets , so Maria was very disappointed when she realised that Manuel knew the truth about the feelings that Maria had for him , in fact , she was so angry she could almost kill , but , she could n't because Pat was her best friend .	Incorrect
Maria talked to Pat about the stupid thing that she did , but Pat refused to apologaising to her , because she felt it was n't a mistake and she did it for only one reason : help Maria to get the man that she loved .	Correct
Maria talked to Pat about the stupid thing that she had done , but Pat refused to apologise to her , because she felt it was n't a mistake and she did it for only one reason : to help Maria to get the man that she loved .	Incorrect
After 3 weeks , Maria got ill so she was not available to go to school .	Correct
After 3 weeks , Maria got ill so she was not able to go to school .	Incorrect
Some friends phoned her everyday , except Pat , the only friend that Maria really loved , despite that , she was not sad .	Correct
All her friends phoned her every day , except Pat , the only friend that Maria really loved . Despite that , she was not sad .	Incorrect
One day , when Maria was seating in her bedroom , someone knock the door , it was Manuel , he was worried for her .	Correct
One day , when Maria was sitting in her bedroom , someone knocked on the door . It was Manuel . He was worried about her .	Incorrect
Maria was nervous , but for the first time , she could talk to him as she never did before , and at the end of the day , she was the happiest person of the world , she gave her first kiss and she had Pat 's friendship back , after all , everything happened because of her .	Correct
Maria was nervous , but , for the first time , she could talk to him as she never had before , and at the end of the day , she was the happiest person in the world . She had her first kiss and she had Pat 's friendship back ; after all , everything happened because of her .	Incorrect
First of all , we would like to thank you very much for organising such a wonderfull trip with an interesting program .	Correct
First of all , we would like to thank you very much for organising such a wonderful trip with an interesting programme .	Incorrect
We are all extremely excited especially because of the trip to Greenwich , the town we were always interested in .	Correct
We are all extremely excited , especially because of the trip to Greenwich , the town we have always been interested in .	Incorrect
However , there are may other interesting places and exhibitions to see in London .	Correct
However , there are many other interesting places and exhibitions to see in London .	Incorrect
For example , in the time of our visit there is going to be " The London Fashion and Leisure Show " .	Correct
For example , at the time of our visit there is going to be " The London Fashion and Leisure Show " .	Incorrect
It is a coinsidence which we would be extremely happy to take advantage on .	Correct
It is a coincidence which we would be extremely happy to take advantage of .	Incorrect
This is a great opportunity for us to see the latest fashions and famous fashion models who we would like to have authograps from .	Correct
This is a great opportunity for us to see the latest fashions and famous fashion models who we would like to have autographs from .	Incorrect
We hope changing the excursion program a little will not cause any problems .	Correct
We hope changing the excursion programme a little will not cause any problems .	Incorrect
Our suggestion is to visit Science Museum on Wednesday afternoon instead of Tuesday .	Correct
Our suggestion is to visit the Science Museum on Wednesday afternoon instead of Tuesday .	Incorrect
Because the fashion show lasts a whole day long .	Correct
Because the fashion show lasts a whole day .	Incorrect
We are ready to give up our shopping and Free time .	Correct
We are ready to give up our shopping and free time .	Incorrect
Yours faithfully	Correct
Yours sincerely	Incorrect
They breathe , eat , feel and beside that they are famous they are just the same as anyone else .	Correct
They breathe , eat , feel and aside from the fact that they are famous they are just the same as anyone else .	Incorrect
Nobody likes to be observed constantly or touched by strangers and pointed out in the streets with no right even or just a little privacy .	Correct
Nobody likes to be observed constantly or touched by strangers and pointed out in the streets with no right even to just a little privacy .	Incorrect
I personally think the best would be to put the celebrities in cages and let people touch them , point and ask for authopraps .	Correct
I personally think the best would be to put the celebrities in cages and let people touch them , point and ask for autographs .	Incorrect
The biggest commercial gain in history I believe , but celebrities are not animals although they may be sometimes treated the same way .	Correct
The biggest commercial gain in history , I believe , but celebrities are not animals although they may be sometimes treated the same way .	Incorrect
It may in many cases , not be true but we can suspect that most of them wanted to become a celebrity and they had to know there is no private life unseparately contected to it .	Correct
It may , in many cases , not be true but we can suspect that most of them wanted to become a celebrity and they had to know there is no private life unseparately connected to it .	Incorrect
To sum up , I believe that everyone has the right to keep privacy of their own homes and even someone extremely famous deserve to have a private life .	Correct
To sum up , I believe that everyone has the right to keep the privacy of their own homes and even someone extremely famous deserves to have a private life .	Incorrect
Unfortunately as long as their private life is interesting for ordinary people and it brings commercial gain to publishers , journalists and photographers , famous people will just have to get use to this living " under a microscope " .	Correct
Unfortunately as long as their private life is interesting for ordinary people and it brings commercial gain to publishers , journalists and photographers , famous people will just have to get used to this living " under a microscope " .	Incorrect
The purpose of this letter is to congratulate you on the International Arts Fesival I attended last weekend .	Correct
The purpose of this letter is to congratulate you on the International Arts Festival I attended last weekend .	Incorrect
I believe that the event was good , however I feel that the festival can be improved next year .	Correct
I believe that the event was good . However , I feel that the festival could be improved next year .	Incorrect
Firstly I would like to tell you that the idea of organizing an International Arts Festival is fantastic , but in your advertisement it was said that I would find stars and artists from arround the world , when , in fact , they were from only six countries .	Correct
Firstly , I would like to tell you that the idea of organizing an International Arts Festival is fantastic , but in your advertisement it said that I would find stars and artists from around the world , when , in fact , they were from only six countries .	Incorrect
I do understand that it must be difficult to get these people to go to the festival , but it would be nice if next year we could meet other personalities .	Correct
I do understand that it must be difficult to get these people to come to the festival , but it would be nice if next year we could meet some other personalities .	Incorrect
Secondly I belive you should know that a lot of people , including me , were not able to enjoy concerts because some concert halls were too small .	Correct
Secondly , I believe you should know that a lot of people , including me , were not able to enjoy the concerts because some concert halls were too small .	Incorrect
I would be very thankful if you could tell me if there will be more plays and films next year .	Correct
I would be very grateful if you could tell me if there will be more plays and films next year .	Incorrect
Last but not least I would like you to know that I think the idea of the weekend ticket for all events was excellent because in the end it was cheaper than paying for each event separatelly .	Correct
Last but not least , I would like you to know that I think the idea of the weekend ticket for all events was excellent because in the end it was cheaper than paying for each event separately .	Incorrect
I hope you find my opinion useful .	Correct
I hope you find my opinions useful .	Incorrect
Once again congratulations on the Festival .	Correct
Once again , congratulations on the Festival .	Incorrect
I hope to hearing from you soon	Correct
I hope to hear from you soon ,	Incorrect
yours sincerelly ,	Correct
Yours sincerely ,	Incorrect
tips to earn money	Correct
Tips for earning money	Incorrect
When the holidays began everybody is happy because it represents the beginning of a time full of fun and lots of interesting things to do , but in order to do these things we all need money and that is a big problem to most of us .	Correct
When the holidays begin everybody is happy because it represents the beginning of a time full of fun and lots of interesting things to do , but in order to do these things we all need money and that is a big problem for most of us .	Incorrect
there are several ways to earn a bit of money in your spare time .	Correct
There are several ways to earn a bit of money in your spare time .	Incorrect
One of the most common examples is baby- sitting taking care of little children is easy and it does n't require special skills , all you need is a lot of patience .	Correct
One of the most common examples is babysitting . Taking care of little children is easy and it does n't require special skills : all you need is a lot of patience .	Incorrect
If looking after children does n't fit you , you can try with pets .	Correct
If looking after children does n't suit you , you can try the same thing with pets .	Incorrect
So if you like animals this is your chance to earn money and have fun at the same time .	Correct
So if you like animals this is your chance to earn some money and have fun at the same time .	Incorrect
the most important thing is that you wisely choose the most suitable work for you , according to the things you like to do .	Correct
The most important thing is that you choose the most suitable work for you wisely , according to the things you like to do .	Incorrect
Firstly , I would like to thank you for the programme that you provided .	Correct
Firstly , I would like to thank you for the programme that you have provided .	Incorrect
It was very good programme , especially the river trip to Greenwich , which I am sure the whole class would enjoy .	Correct
It is a very good programme , especially the river trip to Greenwich , which I am sure the whole class will enjoy .	Incorrect
However , our class has spotted an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show and would all wish to attend .	Correct
However , our class has spotted an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show and all wish to attend .	Incorrect
The show will be about all the latest fashion , leisure and sports wear , make up and hairstyles .	Correct
The show will be about all the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make - up and hairstyles .	Incorrect
This will be a great opportunity for us because we will be able to find out more about the people of London and their fashions and style we might also get a change to meet new people and interest with them .	Correct
This will be a great opportunity for us because we will be able to find out more about the people of London and their fashions and style . We might also get a chance to meet new people and interact with them .	Incorrect
The whole class is also very excited about this fashion show and would really appreciate your giving them a change to go .	Correct
The whole class is also very excited about this fashion show and would really appreciate your giving them a chance to go .	Incorrect
I have a few suggestion on how the programme could be changed to fit the London Fashion and Leisure Show in .	Correct
I have a few suggestions on how the programme could be changed to fit the London Fashion and Leisure Show in .	Incorrect
We can however go and look around the shopping mall if we have time after the show .	Correct
We can , however , go and look around the shopping mall if we have time after the show .	Incorrect
I hope you would consider this matter .	Correct
I hope you will consider this matter .	Incorrect
Everyday , something changes and we become more modern companies use computers instead of books , dentist use modernized electrical item instead of just a plier , even homes are effected .	Correct
Every day , something changes and we become more modern . Companies use computers instead of books , dentists use modernized electric tools instead of just a pair of pliers . Even homes are affected .	Incorrect
From letters to emails , from gas stoves to electric stoves and microwaves , but we are n't just going to stop here are we ?	Correct
From letters to emails , from gas stoves to electric stoves and microwaves . But we are n't just going to stop here are we ?	Incorrect
No , in the future , the present will be the past and these things now new to use will be old , outdated and changed .	Correct
No , in the future , the present will be the past and those things now new to us will be old , outdated and changed .	Incorrect
We an on and off lights with touch pads and remote controllers .	Correct
We can turn on and off lights with touch pads and remote controls .	Incorrect
We might even be able to open the door without getting out from the living room .	Correct
We might even be able to open the door without leaving the living room .	Incorrect
Although all that may change our houses may be still the same .	Correct
Although all that may happen our houses may be still the same .	Incorrect
The rooms and size should remain as it was and the living rooms and all may still be decorated in the same style .	Correct
The rooms and sizes should remain as they were and the living rooms and everything may still be decorated in the same style .	Incorrect
We might still favour that old carpet and couch .	Correct
We might still like that old carpet and couch .	Incorrect
The furniture should not change that much on the outside and the amount of rooms should not change too .	Correct
The furniture should not change that much on the outside and the number of rooms should not change either .	Incorrect
And instead of going to school , why not let school come to you ? We will be learning at home using computers and disc .	Correct
And instead of going to school , why not let school come to you ? We will be learning at home using computers and discs .	Incorrect
Never have to leave the house or wake up so early .	Correct
They will never have to leave the house or wake up so early .	Incorrect
Another way our home could be different in the future is probably the utilitles we are using .	Correct
Another way our home could be different in the future is probably the utilities we will be using .	Incorrect
We might not need maids to do housework anymore as they can easily be replaced with a robot , a machine , or something other with the same purpose .	Correct
We might not need maids to do housework anymore as they can easily be replaced with a robot , a machine , or something else with the same purpose .	Incorrect
Our homes will still be the same in terms of the kitchen , it will still be filled with vegetables and meat .	Correct
Our homes will still be the same in terms of the cuisine . It will still be filled with vegetables and meat .	Incorrect
This is because people wo n't miss the great taste of food although it could be subsituted to a vitamin pill or two .	Correct
This is because people wo n't give up the great taste of food . Although it could be substituted with a vitamin pill or two .	Incorrect
Lastly , I think that all this changes wo n't really be noticed as we change it daily and slowly instead abruptedly .	Correct
Lastly , I think that all these changes wo n't really be noticed as we change things daily and slowly instead of abruptly .	Incorrect
On behalf of our class I would like to give you some information about the London Fashion and Leisure show , that we saw advertised and we are interested indeed .	Correct
On behalf of our class I would like to give you some information about the London Fashion and Leisure show that we saw advertised and we are interested in .	Incorrect
In addition we would like to thank you about the programme .	Correct
In addition we would like to thank you for the programme .	Incorrect
It will take place in Central Exhibition Hall , in London , on Tuesday 14th of March and the suitable time will be 10.00 - 19.00	Correct
It will take place in the Central Exhibition Hall , in London , on Tuesday the 14th of March and the suitable time will be 10.00 - 19.00	Incorrect
I would like to mention that this day we are going to visit the Science Museum in the morning and after we are going for shopping , so I believe it will be a good change for all of us to attend this show as it is free for students !	Correct
I would like to mention that on this day we are going to visit the Science Museum in the morning and after we are going shopping , so I believe it will be a good chance for all of us to attend this show as it is free for students !	Incorrect
The most important thing is that the time that the show starts is perfect and is suitable as well with our programme because until 19:00 I think that everyone will have finished their shopping .	Correct
The most important thing is that the time that the show starts is perfect and is compatible as well with our programme because by 19:00 I think that everyone will have finished their shopping .	Incorrect
Secondly , I would like to give you more details about the show and particularly what does it include .	Correct
Secondly , I would like to give you more details about the show and particularly about what it includes .	Incorrect
The latest fashion will be on show and also the Leisure and sports wear . Really interesting !	Correct
The latest fashions will be on show and also the Leisure and sports wear . Really interesting !	Incorrect
Moreover all about the make up and the hairstyles . I think that it will be a great opportunity to all of us to be on this show while we are going to be in London .	Correct
Moreover all about the make up and the hairstyles . I think that this show will be a great opportunity for all of us while we are in London .	Incorrect
But , if there is a problem that the show is on Tuesday afternoon , the same hour with shopping , I suggest having the shopping on Wednesday afternoon that we will not have anything to do !	Correct
But if there is a problem because the show is on Tuesday afternoon , the same time as our shopping trip , I suggest going shopping on Wednesday afternoon when we will not have anything to do !	Incorrect
Some people think that to be a famous person is very excuiting thing , that all the time this makes you feel completely and also they think that if you are famous you are special as well .	Correct
Some people think that being a famous person is a very exciting thing , that all the time this makes you feel complete and also they think that if you are famous you are special as well .	Incorrect
I believe , that if somebody wants the fame and the glory must be tottally sure about the results .	Correct
I believe that if somebody wants fame and glory he must be totally clear about the results .	Incorrect
For example , the politicians the have choosed their careers , they must know that they are going to involved with everything that it has to do with publicity and their country and the most important is that they have to realize that they should be extremely careful of their movements or else they are going to have bad reputation , and they will be not trustworthy .	Correct
For example , politicians have chosen their careers ; they must know that they are going to involved with everything that it has to do with publicity and their country and the most important thing is that they have to realize that they should be extremely careful about their movements or else they are going to have a bad reputation , and they will not be considered trustworthy .	Incorrect
Another succesfull carreer such as , film stars must also be balanced .	Correct
Another successful career such as , film stars must also be balanced .	Incorrect
If somebody is a film star this mean that has got a different kind of life , more comfortable , more interesting but it does n't mean that he or she ca n't be like normal people even if he or she is a star .	Correct
If somebody is a film star this means that he has got a different kind of life , a more comfortable , more interesting life but it does n't mean that he or she ca n't be like normal people even if he or she is a star .	Incorrect
If somebody wants to be famous of cource must be on the top and the mass media will be following him or her .	Correct
If somebody wants to be famous of course they must be on the top and the mass media will be following him or her .	Incorrect
But I think that the are limits .	Correct
But I think that there are limits .	Incorrect
Everybody deserve to have a private life even if he is a plumber or even if she is a famous singer .	Correct
Everybody deserves to have a private life even if he is a plumber or even if she is a famous singer .	Incorrect
It does n't matter what kind of carreer or job you are follow .	Correct
It does n't matter what kind of career or job you have .	Incorrect
And finally the journalists the should know how to respect the private life of everyone and not trying to make money for a living by using the reputation of the famous people .	Correct
And finally the journalists should know how to respect the private lives of everyone and not try to make money by using the reputation of famous people .	Incorrect
Firstly , I 'm writing to thank you the great opportunity you give us , especially in planing all this programme in a such acurate way .	Correct
Firstly , I 'm writing to thank you for the great opportunity you are giving us , especially in planning all this programme in such an accurate way .	Incorrect
I think that this programme has a good organisation , as you know , due to we have enough time to visit plenty of local interest points .	Correct
I think that this programme is well - organised , as you know , because we have enough time to visit plenty of local interest points .	Incorrect
But , I was wondering , like a student of this college , if we would change part of this programme ... we 'd like to go to the London Fashion and Leisure Show .	Correct
But I was wondering , as a student of this college , if we could change part of this programme ... we 'd like to go to the London Fashion and Leisure Show .	Incorrect
In this way , we can go to visit the Science Museum earlier in the morning and the , we can go to the show .	Correct
In this way , we can go to visit the Science Museum earlier in the morning and then we can go to the show .	Incorrect
Front my point of view , we are very interested in the latest fashions like the leisure , sports wear , make up , hairstyles , you know ... I strongly believe that we will be at the right time and best city to appreciate it .	Correct
From my point of view , we are very interested in the latest fashions like leisure wear , sportswear , make - up , hairstyles , you know ... I strongly believe that we will be in the best city and at the right time to appreciate it .	Incorrect
Please let me know if you are agree with us !	Correct
Please let me know if you agree with us !	Incorrect
Oh I forgot about it !	Correct
Oh I forgot about something !	Incorrect
Besides , this show is gree ( another positiu point ) .	Correct
Also , this show is free ( another positive point ) .	Incorrect
Do you think you 've the future in your hands ?	Correct
Do you think you 've got the future in your hands ?	Incorrect
Do you think we 're living like old times ?	Correct
Do you think we 're living like in olden times ?	Incorrect
Would you like living in a modern way ?	Correct
Would you like to live in a modern way ?	Incorrect
What do you expect about the future ?	Correct
What do you expect in the future ?	Incorrect
Nowadays , we have all kind of instruments to washing up the dishes , to cook to be more comfortable , for example the TV , the video recorder , etc .	Correct
Nowadays , we have all kinds of instruments for washing up the dishes , for cooking to be more convenient , for example , the TV , the video recorder , etc .	Incorrect
Maybe , in a few years later we 'll have a bigger TV , a more suitable radio but , from my point of view , I think these facts will not change the way of our lifes . We will be able to accelerate the process of the computer 's games for example ...	Correct
Maybe , in a few years ' time we 'll have a bigger TV , a more suitable radio but , in my opinion , I think these facts will not change our way of life . We will be able to speed up the running of computer games , for example ...	Incorrect
But not in the strange way you can imagine ...	Correct
But not in any strange way you can imagine ...	Incorrect
I mean I do n't think we 'll change cars by aereoplanes ...	Correct
I mean I do n't think we 'll change cars into aeroplanes ...	Incorrect
In this way , you have to be calm because as you know the things are developing in the same way you'r changing , too .	Correct
Therefore , you have to be calm because , as you know , things are developing and in the same way you 're changing , too .	Incorrect
In conclusion , I strongly believe that the the house of the future will be the house of a new mindness it will be a very positiu point for opening our lifes .	Correct
In conclusion , I strongly believe that the house of the future will be the house of a new awareness . It will be a very positive point for opening up our lives .	Incorrect
Dear Principal , First of all , we would like to thank you for good programme which provides us 3 days stay in London .	Correct
Dear Principal , First of all , we would like to thank you for the good programme which provides us with 3 days ' stay in London .	Incorrect
It contains a wide range of activities for example , sightseeing , river trip , visiting science museum and gallery , shopping .	Correct
It contains a wide range of activities , for example , sightseeing , a river trip , visiting the science museum and gallery , shopping .	Incorrect
The advertisement says that the show is full of many interesting programmes , such as the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make up and hairstyles etc .	Correct
The advertisement says that the show is full of many interesting programmes , such as the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make - up and hairstyles etc .	Incorrect
Moreover , students are allowed to admit for free .	Correct
Moreover , students are allowed to attend for free .	Incorrect
All of us would like to attend the show because young people , particularly girls are interested in fashion and make up , so we are expecting the show will be the great opportunity to see what the new trend in fashion will be like .	Correct
All of us would like to attend the show because young people , particularly girls , are interested in fashion and make - up , so we are expecting the show to be a great opportunity to see what the new trends in fashion will be like .	Incorrect
It would be grateful if you give a little change in programme so that we are able to attend the show .	Correct
It would be great if you made a little change in the programme so that we are able to attend the show .	Incorrect
It seems to be good to change the programme of 14th into the London Fashion and Leisure show , instead of the science museum and shopping .	Correct
It seems to be good to change the programme of 14th to the London Fashion and Leisure show , instead of the science museum and shopping .	Incorrect
Technical and Warm Home People 's way of life has considerably been changed by rapdily developing mordern technology .	Correct
Technical and Warm Home People 's way of life has been changed considerably by rapidly developing modern technology .	Incorrect
50 years ago , Korean mothers should have made a fire by burning woods to warm a room up and make food .	Correct
50 years ago , Korean mothers should have made a fire by burning wood to warm a room up and make food .	Incorrect
Since the eletric fire and microwave oven had been invented , their life have been far easier than before .	Correct
Since the electric fire and microwave oven had been invented , their lives have been far easier than before .	Incorrect
Today , however , people do not need to spend many times on making food , washing up , or even on turning on an off the light .	Correct
Today , however , people do not need to spend much time on making food , washing up , or even on turning the light on and off .	Incorrect
Machines , such as a dish washer , laundry machine and remote controller help us jut to relax or do a little work necessary .	Correct
Machines , such as the dishwasher , washing machine and remote control help us just to relax or do a little necessary work .	Incorrect
From my point of view , people 's home in the future will be controlled by a computer which is devised in every machine , TV , cooker and the light , connecting to the owner .	Correct
In my opinion , people 's homes in the future will be controlled by a computer which is built into every machine , TV , cooker and the light , connected to the owner .	Incorrect
Computer might know better than human , but there are many things which it can not replace in our life .	Correct
A computer might know more than a human , but there are many things which it can not replace in our life .	Incorrect
I was enthusiatic about receiving your letter . I will give you all the necessary information .	Correct
I was enthusiastic about receiving your letter . I will give you all the necessary information .	Incorrect
I would like to travel in July because during that period I will be free from work , my current post finishes at the end of June but I will start another job at the beginning of August .	Correct
I would like to travel in July because during that period I will be free from work . My current post finishes at the end of June but I will start another job at the beginning of August .	Incorrect
I would prefer to stay in tents rather than in log cabins , because it would be a new experience for me and I would like to try something different .	Correct
I would prefer to stay in a tent rather than in a log cabin , because it would be a new experience for me and I would like to try something different .	Incorrect
As far as the activities are concerned , I have chosen to do Tennis and Swimming .	Correct
As far as the activities are concerned , I have chosen to do tennis and swimming .	Incorrect
I am good at playing Tennis and I have been learning to swim for three months so it could be a useful training for me .	Correct
I am good at playing tennis and I have been learning to swim for three months so it could be useful training for me .	Incorrect
I want to thank you for this prize , let me know if you need further information .	Correct
I want to thank you for this prize . Let me know if you need further information .	Incorrect
I 've always loved music so working in a concert was great .	Correct
I 've always loved music so working at a concert was great .	Incorrect
You ca n't imagine how many people are involved in the organization of a concert , apart from the musicists and the singers , there are people who work with lights , who organize the security service ... it was so exciting !	Correct
You ca n't imagine how many people are involved in the organization of a concert . Apart from the musicians and the singers , there are people who work with lights , who organize the security ... it was so exciting !	Incorrect
My work consisted in checking the tickets , the number on them and taking the people to their seats .	Correct
My work consisted in checking the tickets , the number on them and taking people to their seats .	Incorrect
Sometimes I think that people never grow up , if they had been a class of children , they would have made less noise ! !	Correct
Sometimes I think that people never grow up . If they had been a class of children , they would have made less noise ! !	Incorrect
Now I have to go , write soon and let me know what you have been doing .	Correct
Now I have to go . Write soon and let me know what you have been doing .	Incorrect
I 've recived your letter and I am pleased to have won because I needed some days to relax myself and to leave the city , which is very extressing .	Correct
I 've received your letter and I am pleased to have won because I needed some days to relax and to leave the city , which is very stressful .	Incorrect
I only can travel on July because I am working in an office and I must ask my boss for a holiday and it 's the mounth he can give me , so I hope it is n't a problem for you .	Correct
I can travel in July only because I am working in an office and I must ask my boss for a holiday and it 's the month he can give me one , so I hope that is n't a problem for you .	Incorrect
To spend the two weeks I would prefer to live in tents , that 's in my opinion a way to be nearer the enviroment and the animals , although I do n't mind living in log cabins .	Correct
I would prefer to spend the two weeks in a tent , that 's , in my opinion , a way to be nearer the environment and the animals , although I do n't mind staying in log cabins .	Incorrect
In spite of liking all the sports you wrote in your letter I am only good at climbing and sailing , because I am used to practise them with my father since I was a child .	Correct
In spite of liking all the sports you wrote about in your letter , I am only good at climbing and sailing , because I used to do them with my father when I was a child .	Incorrect
I have got a doubt , it is not very important , but I would like to know if I need any money or all is payed , the kind of clothes I should wear , if the weather is good or bad ... and all the extra information you can send me .	Correct
I have got a doubt , it is not very important , but I would like to know if I need any money or if everything is paid for , the kind of clothes I should wear , if the weather is good or bad ... and all the extra information you can send me .	Incorrect
Why people like so much go shopping ?	Correct
Why do people like to go shopping so much ?	Incorrect
In my opinion the majority of the people that go shopping are women who must buy food and other kind of things for her family , so for them , shopping is a very boring activity that is repeated everyday and that drive them crazy when they have to choose the best product and the cheapest price to save some money .	Correct
In my opinion the majority of people who go shopping are women who must buy food and other kinds of things for their families , so , for them , shopping is a very boring activity that is repeated every day and that drives them crazy when they have to choose the best product and the cheapest price to save some money .	Incorrect
Othrewise , there are people who think the opposite ; such as : children , teenagers , men ; but not always , because they go to buy hardly ever , only when they need clothes or something for their job or school .	Correct
On the other hand , there are people who think the opposite , such as : children , teenagers , men ; but not always , because they hardly ever go shopping - only when they need clothes , or something for their job or school .	Incorrect
In that way shopping can be as funny as you want , although if you do it very often , it will be as an obligation in the future .	Correct
In that way shopping can be as much fun as you want , although if you do it very often , it will be as an obligation in the future .	Incorrect
To sum up , all you make in small cuantities is good and funny , but do n't encrease them if you do n't want to feel uncomfortable .	Correct
To sum up , everything you do in small quantities is good and fun , but do n't increase the amount you do if you do n't want to feel uncomfortable .	Incorrect
I was so happy to hear that I have won a two weeks holiday in the U.S.A.	Correct
I was so happy to hear that I have won a two - week holiday in the U.S.A.	Incorrect
So if I could travel in July , and coming back before 6th of August , that would be great .	Correct
So if I could travel in July , and come back before the 6th of August , that would be great .	Incorrect
I would prefer living in tents to log cabins .	Correct
I would prefer staying in tents to log cabins .	Incorrect
I have never had any experience to live in a tent , so I would like to give it a go .	Correct
I have never had any experience of staying in a tent , so I would like to give it a go .	Incorrect
I really wanted to learn how to swim .	Correct
I really want to learn how to swim .	Incorrect
I was wondering if there is a coach could give us a lesson during the Camp .	Correct
I was wondering if there is a coach who could give me a lesson at the Camp .	Incorrect
Also , I would like to join basketball team , I used to play basketball when I was in high school , and our high school basketball team have won many competitions during last ten years in our city .	Correct
Also , I would like to join the basketball team . I used to play basketball when I was in high school , and our high school basketball team has won many competitions during the last ten years in our city .	Incorrect
I am glad I had taken a part in a few competitions , and I was so proud of our basketball team .	Correct
I am glad I have taken part in a few competitions , and I was so proud of our basketball team .	Incorrect
Would you tell me that how much money you would give it to me and how is the weather like in U.S.A. Thank you for every thing !	Correct
Would you tell me how much money you will give to me and what the weather is like in the U.S.A. Thank you for everything !	Incorrect
Yours faithfully	Correct
Yours sincerely	Incorrect
It was great to hear from you , haven't seen you since last summer holiday , hope everything is fine in your place .	Correct
It was great to hear from you , haven't seen you since last summer holiday , hope everything is fine at your place .	Incorrect
You wanted to hear about my experience at the pop concert which I enjoyed helping last month ?	Correct
You wanted to hear about my experience at the pop concert which I enjoyed helping at last month ?	Incorrect
I must say that was a great fun , I 've never had this kind of experience before .	Correct
I must say that was great fun . I 'd never had this kind of experience before .	Incorrect
Before the concert actually started I had to give out lots of leaflets , they are list of pop band and group which will appear in the concert in order , and some information about their performance and backgrounds .	Correct
Before the concert actually started I had to give out lots of leaflets . They were lists of pop bands and groups which would appear in the concert in order , and some information about their performance and backgrounds .	Incorrect
After that , I had to help people who had a ticket but ca n't find their seat .	Correct
After that , I had to help people who had a ticket but could n't find their seat .	Incorrect
During the concert , I did n't have a lot to do , so I had chance to see most of the performance , that was excellent .	Correct
During the concert , I did n't have a lot to do , so I had a chance to see most of the performance . That was excellent .	Incorrect
During break time I did give a lots of direction to people who ca n't find toilet , and information such as where they could have a cup of coffee .	Correct
During the break time I did give a lot of directions to people who could n't find the toilet , and gave people information such as where they could have a cup of coffee .	Incorrect
That was bit boring , but it was part of my job .	Correct
That was a bit boring , but it was part of my job .	Incorrect
I got to go .	Correct
I have got to go .	Incorrect
I am very looking forward to going to California and I would like to go in July , because I am going to have my summer holidays in that month .	Correct
I am really looking forward to going to California and I would like to go in July , because I am going to have my summer holidays in that month .	Incorrect
About accommodation , I would prefer log cabins , because I have a problem in my back .	Correct
About accommodation , I would prefer a log cabin , because I have a problem with my back .	Incorrect
Also tents are not fairly comfortable .	Correct
Also tents are not very comfortable .	Incorrect
As far as camp activities concerned , I have been doing windsurfing for 5 years , for that reason , I am fairly interested in sailing .	Correct
As far as camp activities are concerned , I have been doing windsurfing for 5 years and , for that reason , I am fairly interested in sailing .	Incorrect
On the other hand , I keen on painting , however , I have never painted in my life , so I would like to try it .	Correct
On the other hand , I am keen on painting , however , I have never painted in my life , so I would like to try it .	Incorrect
In addition , could you advice me how much money I need for the trip ? and is there anything else do I have to know ?	Correct
In addition , could you advise me how much money I need for the trip ? and is there anything else I have to know ?	Incorrect
I 've received your letter two days ago and I 'm quite happy to know that you passed F.C.E. I 'm ok and let me tell you about my last experience .	Correct
I received your letter two days ago and I 'm quite happy to know that you passed F.C.E. I 'm ok and let me tell you about my recent experience .	Incorrect
I went to Madrid last week and I was walking in the street when somebody asked me an address .	Correct
I went to Madrid last week and I was walking in the street when somebody asked me for an address .	Incorrect
I explained to him where was the street that he was looking for and we carried out with the conversation for a while .	Correct
I explained to him where the street was that he was looking for and we carried on with the conversation for a while .	Incorrect
Well my friend , I have to go , because I got an appoinment with the Dentist .	Correct
Well my friend , I have to go , because I have got an appointment with the Dentist .	Incorrect
Write me soon and take care .	Correct
Write to me soon and take care .	Incorrect
I learnt from you letter that I 've won the first prize .	Correct
I learnt from your letter that I 've won the first prize .	Incorrect
I felt how luck I was .	Correct
I felt how lucky I was .	Incorrect
I understood you want to know when am I available to set off and where I 'd like to stay .	Correct
I understand you want to know when I am available to set off and where I 'd like to stay .	Incorrect
First of all I will be able to go U.S.A in July because of my university .	Correct
First of all I will be able to go to the U.S.A only in July because of my university .	Incorrect
I will only be able to set off in July and I also will give my thesis to my teacher in August .	Correct
I will only be able to set off in July and also I will give my thesis to my teacher in August .	Incorrect
This holiday will help me to think and prepare it .	Correct
This holiday will help me to think about it and prepare it .	Incorrect
I 'd prefer staying in log cabins because I need a proper place to say and study .	Correct
I 'd prefer to stay in a log cabin because I need a proper place to stay and study in .	Incorrect
When I get the camp , I 'd like to swim and climb .	Correct
When I get to the camp , I 'd like to swim and climb .	Incorrect
Is there any toilet and shower in the log cabins or somewhere nearby ?	Correct
Is there a toilet and shower in the log cabins or somewhere nearby ?	Incorrect
Do you have any idea what is the weather going to be ?	Correct
Do you have any idea what the weather is going to be like ?	Incorrect
How much mone do you recommend me to bring with me ?	Correct
How much money do you recommend me to bring with me ?	Incorrect
Is the camp close to town or city ?	Correct
Is the camp close to a town or city ?	Incorrect
Will you provide me an instructor when I climb and swim ?	Correct
Will you provide me with an instructor when I climb and swim ?	Incorrect
I haven't written you for ages .	Correct
I haven't written to you for ages .	Incorrect
How is your new school and parents ? I hope we can catch up with each other 's news .	Correct
How is your new school and your parents ? I hope we can catch up with each other 's news .	Incorrect
It was unbelievable and tiring as well .	Correct
It was unbelievable , and tiring as well .	Incorrect
I heard them talking behind the stage .	Correct
I heard them talking backstage .	Incorrect
They signed my diary and took a photo with me .	Correct
They signed my diary and had their photo taken with me .	Incorrect
Carrying big speakers place to place was extremely tiring but we had loads of laugh .	Correct
Carrying big speakers from place to place was extremely tiring but we had loads of laughs .	Incorrect
Believe it or not I put make up on one famous singer 's face .	Correct
Believe it or not , I put make - up on one famous singer 's face .	Incorrect
I was just walking down by dressing room manager said that if I could help them .	Correct
I was just walking down by the dressing room and the manager asked if I could help them .	Incorrect
I could n't believe my eyes .	Correct
I could n't believe my ears .	Incorrect
I was in her room and helping her .	Correct
I was in her room helping her .	Incorrect
Especially I liked that time .	Correct
I especially liked that time .	Incorrect
I 've practised sailing since an early age and I perfectly manage the rigging and sail .	Correct
I 've been sailing since an early age and I manage the rigging and sail perfectly .	Incorrect
I 'm also fond of tennis , I 've just started my lessons and would like to continue practising during the summer .	Correct
I 'm also fond of tennis , I 've just started my lessons and would like to continue playing during the summer .	Incorrect
I 'm not really sure of what kind of clothes to take , could you please write to me specifying what would be suitable ? I 'd appreciate it a lot .	Correct
I 'm not really sure about what kind of clothes to take . Could you please write to me specifying what would be suitable ? I 'd appreciate it a lot .	Incorrect
For instance , I spent my Spring Break with my friends in Italy , we went there to buy our dresses for our boyfriends ' graduation ( besides other reasons ) .	Correct
For instance , I spent my Spring Break with my friends in Italy . We went there to buy our dresses for our boyfriends ' graduation ( besides other reasons ) .	Incorrect
They had invited us and we wanted them to see us stunningly beautiful .	Correct
They had invited us and we wanted them to see us looking stunningly beautiful .	Incorrect
While we were in Florence my wallet was stolen , probably by a gypsie .	Correct
While we were in Florence my wallet was stolen , probably by a gypsy .	Incorrect
I had to buy my dress , it 's accesories and besides clothes and souvenirs !	Correct
I had to buy my dress , its accessories and also clothes and souvenirs !	Incorrect
Dear Madam Helen Ryan	Correct
Dear Helen Ryan	Incorrect
First of all , we happy to won the first prize on your competition .	Correct
First of all , we are happy to have won the first prize in your competition .	Incorrect
Thank you for choosen our ticket at the final .	Correct
Thank you for choosing our ticket at the final .	Incorrect
We like to go on July , because my wife Catrin just have holidays next month .	Correct
We would like to go in July , because my wife Catrin just have holidays next month .	Incorrect
We prefer the last two weeks on July .	Correct
We would prefer the last two weeks in July .	Incorrect
Is there a possibility to stay in a log cabin .	Correct
Is there a chance to stay in a log cabin .	Incorrect
I have sometimes troubles with backache when I coud't sleep on a flat ground .	Correct
I sometimes have trouble with backache when I ca n't sleep on a flat surface .	Incorrect
It would be great if we can choosen swimming and Golf .	Correct
It would be great if we could choose swimming and golf .	Incorrect
My wife Catrin is a local master on swimming race .	Correct
My wife Catrin is a local champion in swimming races .	Incorrect
I m not so good as her , but I 'm going every week once to her training .	Correct
I 'm not so good as her , but I go once every week to her training session .	Incorrect
In Golf , we are both total beginners .	Correct
At golf , we are both total beginners .	Incorrect
We have no experience but we like to learn this game .	Correct
We have no experience but we would like to learn this game .	Incorrect
We are both a little afraid , what kind of clothes and shoes we have to take off with us ?	Correct
We are both a little worried . What kind of clothes and shoes do we have to take with us ?	Incorrect
Which temperature will be on the summer season in this area ?	Correct
What will the temperature be in the summer season in this area ?	Incorrect
Are there some possibility to rent the golfshoes ?	Correct
Is there any possibility we could rent golf shoes ?	Incorrect
Finally , we like to know , when you will send us the airline - tickets and the tripbrochure .	Correct
Finally , we would like to know when you will send us the airline tickets and the brochure .	Incorrect
Moreover , what do think how much pocketmoney we will spent on this trip .	Correct
Moreover , how much money do you think we will spend on this trip ?	Incorrect
We looking forward to hearing from you soon .	Correct
We are looking forward to hearing from you soon .	Incorrect
Yours faithfully	Correct
Yours sincerely	Incorrect
You are interessted on my last job ! I really like to tell you all my experience .	Correct
You are interested in my last job ! I really want to tell you all about my experience .	Incorrect
However , I 'm happy that we finished this hard work . I worked in a team by seven people .	Correct
However , I 'm happy that we have finished this hard work . I worked in a team of seven people .	Incorrect
We were mainly on work for all the lights at this great concert .	Correct
We were mainly working on all the lights at this great concert .	Incorrect
Its sounds easy , just for the light .	Correct
It sounds easy , just doing the lighting .	Incorrect
In addition , it was a nine days hard work to mount all the different spot and houndreds of Coblights on the right place .	Correct
In addition , it was nine days of hard work to mount all the different spot and hundreds of Coblights in the right place .	Incorrect
Finally , we had worked the hohl night befor the concert .	Correct
Finally , we worked the whole night before the concert .	Incorrect
We had to adjust the laser extremly on the correct position .	Correct
We had to adjust the laser extremely carefully to get it in the correct position .	Incorrect
We spent hours till it was good enough for the Technical - manger .	Correct
We spent hours on this till it was good enough for the technical manager .	Incorrect
Moreover , the band was exhausted about this great laser show at the end .	Correct
Moreover , the band was exhausted by this great laser show in the end .	Incorrect
For me was this aventure one of the Best .	Correct
For me this adventure was one of the best .	Incorrect
It shows , when all member of a group work hard together , you can reach a lot .	Correct
It shows that , when all members of a group work hard together , you can achieve a lot .	Incorrect
With this letter I want to show you some problems I had last week in your theatre with your show .	Correct
With this letter I want to explain to you some problems I had last week at your theatre with your show .	Incorrect
First the actor was changed and his performance was very poor and disappointing .	Correct
First the actor was changed and his replacement 's performance was very poor and disappointing .	Incorrect
Then , the show began 45 minutes later , so we had to wait very long .	Correct
Then , the show began 45 minutes late , so we had to wait a very long time .	Incorrect
The advertisement said there were discounts available , which were not .	Correct
The advertisement said there were discounts available , which were not available .	Incorrect
At the end you said it will be a Restaurant , but it was closed , so we could n't eat anything untill we got home .	Correct
Finally you said there was a Restaurant , but it was closed , so we could n't eat anything until we got home .	Incorrect
I hope you understand your faults and I 'm asking you for the money back .	Correct
I hope you understand your mistakes and I 'm asking you for our money back .	Incorrect
I do n't know if technology has totally changed my life , because I was born with it and I have learned it since I was a little boy .	Correct
I do n't know if technology has totally changed my life , because I was born with it and I have learned about it since I was a little boy .	Incorrect
For example , I was born knowing the man has stepped on the moon .	Correct
For example , I was born knowing that man has walked on the moon .	Incorrect
The computer for example makes communication much easier and faster then in past time , when everything was send by common mail , and it took weeks till it got the right place .	Correct
The computer for example makes communication much easier and faster than in times past , when everything was sent by normal mail , and it was weeks till it got to the right place .	Incorrect
Many industries throw their contaminated air away , without cleaning it before .	Correct
Many industries throw their contaminated air away , without cleaning it first .	Incorrect
Technology has to move further so it can solve problems as pollution , so we can live better and longer .	Correct
Technology has to move further so it can solve problems such as pollution , so we can live better and longer .	Incorrect
I am very surprised for have received your letter in which you explained to me that I have won prize in your competition .	Correct
I am very surprised to have received your letter in which you explained to me that I have won a prize in your competition .	Incorrect
After that , I would like to say Thanks , I never have won any price at all .	Correct
After that , I would like to say Thanks , I have never won any prizes at all .	Incorrect
Now , I will answer your requests .	Correct
Now , I will answer your questions .	Incorrect
In reference about the date of the travel , I would like to travel in July because at the moment I am working at the University and I only have July to take my holidays .	Correct
In reference to the date of travel , I would like to travel in July because at the moment I am working at University and I only have July to take my holidays .	Incorrect
As state in your letter I have to choose the accommodation type . I would prefer to stay in tents because since I was a child I have being using this type of accommodation .	Correct
As you state in your letter I have to choose the type of accommodation . I would prefer to stay in a tent because since I was a child I have been using this type of accommodation .	Incorrect
I used to go to campings .	Correct
I used to go camping .	Incorrect
About camp activities I would prefer to do basketball and photography .	Correct
About camp activities , I would prefer to do basketball and photography .	Incorrect
I have choosen these activities because actually I am playing with university team , and photography is my favoorate hobby .	Correct
I have chosen these activities because these days I am playing on the university team , and photography is my favourite hobby .	Incorrect
Is necesarilly bring to me money in there ?	Correct
Is it necessary to bring any money ?	Incorrect
I am writen to you telling about my experience at a pop concert .	Correct
I am writing to you to tell you about my experience at a pop concert .	Incorrect
It began when ours common friends Martha , ofered me to be a organization member at the concert , obviously I accepted .	Correct
It began when our mutual friend Martha offered me the chance to help organise the concert . Obviously I accepted .	Incorrect
Now I can tell you that it was an amaizing challange for me because I never did anything like that .	Correct
Now I can tell you that it was an amazing challenge for me because I had never done anything like that .	Incorrect
My duties like a organization member were diferent , the firts day I had to pick the bands up at the airport , for it I hired a van .	Correct
My duties as a staff member were various . The first day I had to pick the bands up from the airport , and for this I hired a van .	Incorrect
The following day I was the person who provide the meals for all the organization staff and besides every day I was at the back - stage supporting the catering staff .	Correct
The following day I was the person who provided the meals for all the staff and also every day I was backstage supporting the catering staff .	Incorrect
Particularly I am pleased to had know the most popular pop stars in the world .	Correct
I am particularly pleased to have known the most popular pop stars in the world .	Incorrect
Hopping to hear from you	Correct
Hoping to hear from you	Incorrect
I have recently been in London for spending a week 's holiday .	Correct
I have recently been to London for a week 's holiday .	Incorrect
As I am an enthusiasmic of musicals I went to see this musical show .	Correct
As I am a fan of musicals I went to see this show .	Incorrect
I am very disappointed because the things that were writen on the advertisment were not really true .	Correct
I am very disappointed because the things that were written in the advertisement were not really true .	Incorrect
It was writen that the stars would be Danny Brook and Tina Truelove .	Correct
It was written that the stars would be Danny Brook and Tina Truelove .	Incorrect
Danny Brook is one of my favorite actors and there was playing another one .	Correct
Danny Brook is one of my favourite actors and there appeared a different one .	Incorrect
I felt abosolutly disapointed .	Correct
I felt very disappointed .	Incorrect
The musical should have begun at 19:30 , but it started at 20:15 ; it is inacceptable !	Correct
The musical should have begun at 19:30 , but it started at 20:15 ; this is unacceptable !	Incorrect
It was writen too that there were discounts available and I asked for them and they said me that they were n't allow to do any discount .	Correct
It was also written that there were discounts available and I asked about them and they said that they were n't allowed to give any discount .	Incorrect
As you say in your advertisment it was not my perfect evening out and therefore I would like to have my money back .	Correct
As you say in your advertisement , it was not my perfect evening out and therefore I would like to have my money back .	Incorrect
How has modern technology changed our daily life ?	Correct
How has modern technology changed our daily lives ?	Incorrect
Modern technology has changed a lot our daily life .	Correct
Modern technology has changed our daily lives a lot .	Incorrect
On one hand nowadays if we have to travel to Paris and return in the same day you can take a plane without any problem .	Correct
On the one hand , nowadays if we have to travel to Paris and return on the same day you can take a plane without any problem .	Incorrect
Another advantage is that if you go on an excursion and you take your mobile phone , if you get lost somebody could find you .	Correct
Another advantage is that if you go on an excursion and you take your mobile phone , if you get lost somebody can find you .	Incorrect
I think that the most important modern technology in these days is internet .	Correct
I think that the most important piece of modern technology these days is the Internet .	Incorrect
With internet you can do whatever you want without going out home ( shoping , speaking with a friend , working , putting your money aside .... )	Correct
With the Internet you can do whatever you want without going out ( shopping , speaking with a friend , working , putting your money aside .... )	Incorrect
On the other hand the main disadvantage is that using modern machines it can be very difficult for ederly people ; it would be very pratitable if the modern industries train people about using modern technologies .	Correct
On the other hand , the main disadvantage is that using modern machines can be very difficult for elderly people ; it would be very pratitable if the modern industries trained people to use modern technologies .	Incorrect
To sum up modern technology has change a lot our daily life and this is going to increase .	Correct
To sum up , modern technology has changed our daily lives a lot and this is going to continue .	Incorrect
Dear Mr Robertson !	Correct
Dear Mr Robertson ,	Incorrect
I 'm writting to you to thank you for good programme of our English class in London , especially for river trip to Greenwich , it will be a great experience for us .	Correct
I 'm writing to you to thank you for the excellent programme for our English class in London , especially for the river trip to Greenwich . It will be a great experience for us .	Incorrect
But the students in our class have seen an adverstisement for the " London Fashion and Leisure Show " which'll take place in Central Exhibition Hall , London , on Tuesday March 14 from 10.00 to 19.00 and at the same time we have to go to the Science Museum but we would all like to go to the show .	Correct
But the students in our class have seen an advertisement for the " London Fashion and Leisure Show " , which will take place in the Central Exhibition Hall , London , on Tuesday March 14 from 10.00 to 19.00 . At the same time we have to go to the Science Museum but we would all like to go to the show .	Incorrect
It will be very interesting for us to see the latest fashions , make up , hairstyles and we can speak to English people and make new friends .	Correct
It will be very interesting for us to see the latest fashions , make - up , and hairstyles and we can speak to English people and make new friends .	Incorrect
So we would like to suggest you how the programme could be changed .	Correct
So we would like to suggest how the programme could be changed .	Incorrect
First of all on Tuesday we all will go to the show and spend there all our day , but on Wednesday in the afternoon when we have free time we can go to the Science Museum if you do n't mind , of course .	Correct
First of all on Tuesday we will all go to the show and spend all day there , but on Wednesday in the afternoon when we have some free time we can go to the Science Museum , if you do n't mind , of course .	Incorrect
Please let us know , as soon as you make your decission .	Correct
Please let us know as soon as you make your decision .	Incorrect
Best Detective Stories of Agatha Christie	Correct
The Best Detective Stories of Agatha Christie	Incorrect
Thank you very much for your letter , I was glad to get it and know a lot of news about you .	Correct
Thank you very much for your letter . I was glad to get it and get a lot of news about you .	Incorrect
First of all I want to congratulate your cousin with fifteenth birthday and with all the best .	Correct
First of all I want to wish your cousin a happy fifteenth birthday and wish her all the best .	Incorrect
I hope that it will be good holiday for her , her family and friends .	Correct
I hope that it will be a good holiday for her , her family and friends .	Incorrect
Now about your questions , it is very difficult for me to give any advice you about it , I do n't know your cousin very well so I do n't know what she prefers reading .	Correct
Now about your questions , it is very difficult for me to give any advice about it . I do n't know your cousin very well so I do n't know what she prefers reading .	Incorrect
But when I was fifteen my favourite book " Best Detective Stories of Agatha Christie " .	Correct
But when I was fifteen my favourite book was " The Best Detective Stories of Agatha Christie " .	Incorrect
So I can recommended you to present this book , because it is very interesting , amuse , sometimes dramatic and mystery book .	Correct
So I can recommend you give her this book , because it is a very interesting , amusing , sometimes dramatic and mysterious book .	Incorrect
This book help us to impove our logic , mind , memory and it teaches the reader not to lie , be more honest with other people and pay attention for the smallest details in our life because sometimes it can help us very very much .	Correct
This book helps us to improve our logic , mind , and memory and it teaches the reader not to lie , to be more honest with other people and pay attention to the smallest details in our life because sometimes that can help us very very much .	Incorrect
So I hope I could help you .	Correct
So I hope I have helped you .	Incorrect
Write me as soon as you can .	Correct
Write to me as soon as you can .	Incorrect
With best wishes , your	Correct
With best wishes , yours	Incorrect
Dear Helen Ryan	Correct
Dear Helen Ryan ,	Incorrect
First of all , I am available to travel in July from 1st to 20th because my university will be closed during this month .	Correct
First of all , I am available to travel in July from 1st to 20th because my university will be closed during that month .	Incorrect
I took up climbing five years ago and I am very keen on .	Correct
I took up climbing five years ago and I am very keen on it .	Incorrect
Finally , could you tell me what I need to dress and also how much money I will spend on .	Correct
Finally , could you tell me what I need to wear and also how much money I will spend ?	Incorrect
I have asked to write a composition regarding the questionit is believed that shopping is not always enjoyable .	Correct
I have been asked to write a composition regarding the question , ' it is believed that shopping is not always enjoyable . '	Incorrect
In fact , to do shopping can be some disavantages for different reasons :	Correct
In fact , shopping can have some disadvantages for different reasons :	Incorrect
Firstly , you have to queue for a long time to get a free cabin and waste of time putting on some clothes and in the end they are not the right size .	Correct
Firstly , you have to queue for a long time to get a free changing room and waste time putting on some clothes when in the end they are not the right size .	Incorrect
Secondly , it is easy to spend a lot of money in few minutes and as soon as you can regret to buy all these clothes , which you do n't really need .	Correct
Secondly , it is easy to spend a lot of money in a few minutes and you can soon regret buying all those clothes which you do n't really need .	Incorrect
Thirdly , some clothes can have some stains on and you haven't noticed this before buying , so you have to go back to the shop .	Correct
Thirdly , some clothes can have some stains on and you haven't noticed this before buying them , so you have to go back to the shop .	Incorrect
In my opinion , doing shopping bring me a lot of satisfaction especially I am depressed , nevertheless it could be very dangerous for my wallet .	Correct
In my opinion , shopping gives me a lot of satisfaction especially when I am depressed . Nevertheless it could be very dangerous for my wallet .	Incorrect
I 've read your advertisement and it did n't say the truth .	Correct
I 'd read your advertisement and it did n't tell the truth .	Incorrect
There were n't any discount available as you 'd assured in the add .	Correct
There were n't any discounts available as you 'd assured me in the ad .	Incorrect
I think you should check the information before print it !	Correct
I think you should check the information before printing it !	Incorrect
I arrived at the right time ( 19.30 ) that evening but the play , which was ' Over The Rainbow ' , started almost an hour later .	Correct
I arrived at the right time ( 19.30 ) that evening but the play , which was ' Over The Rainbow ' , started almost an hour late .	Incorrect
When the play began I realised that the main actor had been changed and the new one was n't good at all .	Correct
When the play began I realised that the main actor had been replaced and the new one was n't good at all .	Incorrect
I could n't visit the theatre after the performance because it was closed for reparations .	Correct
I could n't visit the theatre after the performance because it was closed for repairs .	Incorrect
This is not a simple question because I got used to dealing with technology since I was a child but I 'm going to try to explain you how .	Correct
This is not a simple question because I have been used to dealing with technology since I was a child but I 'm going to try to explain to you how .	Incorrect
In that time I used the computer only to play with its video games .	Correct
At that time I used the computer only to play video games .	Incorrect
It became scencial to do my homework .	Correct
It became essential to doing my homework .	Incorrect
But when we talked to the doctor we felt more relaxed because he answered us that the operation was a very simple one .	Correct
But when we talked to the doctor we felt more relaxed because he told us that the operation was a very simple one .	Incorrect
I think that if my mother had got ill ten years before , she would n't survive .	Correct
I think that if my mother had got ill ten years before , she would n't have survived .	Incorrect
The modern technology is better now than what it used to be .	Correct
Modern technology is better now than it used to be .	Incorrect
I 'm writing you in response to your letter , I was delighted to know that I won the first price .	Correct
I 'm writing to you in response to your letter . I was delighted to know that I won the first prize .	Incorrect
With reference to the date , I only can go on July , as I 'm going off on holiday on August , and I start university on September .	Correct
With reference to the date , I can only go in July , as I 'm going off on holiday in August , and I start university in September .	Incorrect
The place I 'd prefer to stay in is a log cabin , where I 'm sure I 'd feel more confortable than in a tent .	Correct
The place I 'd prefer to stay in is a log cabin , where I 'm sure I 'd feel more comfortable than in a tent .	Incorrect
The ones I 'm most keen on are Tennis , in which I think I 'm pretty good since I took some classes last year , and Painting , which is one of my favourite hobbies , and helps me to relax myself and forget about problems .	Correct
The ones I 'm most keen on are tennis , at which I think I 'm pretty good since I took some classes last year , and painting , which is one of my favourite hobbies , and helps me to relax and forget about problems .	Incorrect
I think I 'm not bad at painting either , at least everyone in my family likes my work , includying myself .	Correct
I think I 'm not bad at painting either ; at least everyone in my family likes my work , including myself .	Incorrect
Anyway , there are some questions I 'd like to ask you : What kind of clothes would be the most suitable for California weather in summer , and how much money do you think I 'll need ?	Correct
Anyway , there are some questions I 'd like to ask you : what kind of clothes would be the most suitable for California weather in summer , and how much money do you think I 'll need ?	Incorrect
I 'm waiting forward to hearing from you soon .	Correct
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .	Incorrect
Basically my work was carrying the instruments , the speakers and the lights from the vans to the stage , which is not an easy work because , as you can imagine , it 's not exactly light stuff .	Correct
Basically my work was carrying the instruments , the speakers and the lights from the vans to the stage , which is not easy work because , as you can imagine , it 's not exactly light stuff .	Incorrect
Anyway , I had lot of fun working for them .	Correct
Anyway , I had a lot of fun working for them .	Incorrect
I hope they call me soon , I 'd be the happiest girl in the world if I could see them again ...	Correct
I hope they call me soon . I 'd be the happiest girl in the world if I could see them again ...	Incorrect
I 'd better leave now .	Correct
I 'd better stop now .	Incorrect
I am very happy to win this prize and I am going to give you some information from me that you need to make me have a good time at Camp California .	Correct
I am very happy to win this prize and I am going to give you some information that you need from me to ensure that I have a good time at Camp California .	Incorrect
I would like to know only in July because I have set my holidays this month since last January .	Correct
I would like to go only in July because I have had my holidays booked for that month since last January .	Incorrect
I want if it is possible a log cabins like accommodation because I have been suffering from my back since my childhood , therefore I need a confortable accommodation .	Correct
If it is possible I want a log cabin for my accommodation because I have been suffering with my back since my childhood , therefore I need a comfortable place to sleep .	Incorrect
I selected swimming because it is a cure against my backace and I have not practiced since I started my new job five years ago .	Correct
I selected swimming because it is a cure for my backache and I have not done it since I started my new job five years ago .	Incorrect
I also choosed painting because I have never done before , I would like to learn and moreover I want to do a calm activity .	Correct
I also chose painting because I have never done it before . I would like to learn and moreover I want to do a relaxing activity .	Incorrect
Otherwise , could you tell me approximately how much money I have to take for the food , please ?	Correct
Could you tell me approximately how much money I have to take for food , please ?	Incorrect
Yours sincerely .	Correct
Yours faithfully .	Incorrect
Sometimes , they are happy to do shopping .	Correct
Sometimes , they are happy to go shopping ,	Incorrect
Therefore , shopping can be enjoyable but it is not always the case .	Correct
Therefore , shopping can be enjoyable but that is not always the case .	Incorrect
Shopping is enjoyable when you want to offer some thing to someone .	Correct
Shopping is enjoyable when you want to give something to someone .	Incorrect
In fact you try to get a present to make receive happy .	Correct
In fact you try to get a present to make the recipient happy .	Incorrect
Shopping is also good , when you know what you want .	Correct
Shopping is also good when you know what you want .	Incorrect
For example if you want a new track suit you know that you have to go to a sport shop but if you do n't know what you want you are going to waste your time in the shops .	Correct
For example if you want a new track suit you know that you have to go to a sports shop but if you do n't know what you want you are going to waste your time in the shops .	Incorrect
In the opposite , shopping can be disenjoyable .	Correct
On the other hand , shopping can be unenjoyable .	Incorrect
Shopping is boring if you go with people too fussy .	Correct
Shopping is boring if you go with people who are too fussy .	Incorrect
That is to say , they are never happy with what they get and see . They always find a problem .	Correct
That is to say , they are never happy with what they get or see . They always find a problem .	Incorrect
It is stupid , they do not have any goal .	Correct
It is stupid . They do not have any goal .	Incorrect
To conclude , I agree with shopping is not always enjoyable .	Correct
To conclude , I agree that shopping is not always enjoyable .	Incorrect
Even if I like to do shopping with some people and kind of shops I will kill myself because I waste my time .	Correct
Even if I like to go shopping with some people and to some kinds of shops I will kill myself if I waste my time .	Incorrect
I 'm a tourist and I had a week 's holiday in London a few time ago .	Correct
I 'm a tourist and I had a week 's holiday in London some time ago .	Incorrect
I had enjoied to see the musical show that the Circle Theatre presented some night ago ; and the actor 's Danny Brook performance .	Correct
I had wanted to see the musical show that the Circle Theatre presented some nights ago ; and the actor Danny Brook 's performance .	Incorrect
I went to the theatre at 19.30 o'clock but , with my surprise , the show started at 20:15 and so I could n't remain here until the end because I left London , with my group before the end of the show .	Correct
I went to the theatre at 19.30 but , to my surprise , the show started at 20:15 and so I could n't remain there until the end because I had to leave London , with my group before the end of the show .	Incorrect
The star , the actor Danny Brook , there was n't in the musical show but there was an other actor , with my great disappoint .	Correct
The star , the actor Danny Brook , was n't in the musical show but there was another actor , to my great disappointment .	Incorrect
Then , in the program I could read a discount available for the tickets , for the groups , but I could n't have that . I could n't have all the things I expected .	Correct
Then , in the programme I could read about a discount available on the tickets , for groups , but I could n't get that . I could n't have all the things I expected .	Incorrect
That evening was terrible for me and for my friends , so I 'm not satisfied about your informations and I ask some money back .	Correct
That evening was terrible for me and for my friends , so I 'm not satisfied with your information and I ask for some money back .	Incorrect
Your Sincerely	Correct
Yours Sincerely	Incorrect
Some days ago , when the school was ending , Pat and her friends decided to make a party for their friend , Frances , because the end of the school and the Francis 's birthday were the same day .	Correct
Some days ago , when school was coming to an end , Pat and her friends decided to throw a party for their friend , Frances , because the end of the school term and Francis 's birthday were on the same day .	Incorrect
That might be a secret for Francis - and they decided the program and the present , a new gold watch .	Correct
That should have been a secret for Francis - and they decided on the program and the present , a new gold watch .	Incorrect
Peter and Sue asked to Francis some help for their exam 's subjets and Francis , for to help them , was very busy all the week .	Correct
Peter and Sue asked Francis for some help with their exam subjects and Francis , all week , was too busy to help them .	Incorrect
The last day all the friends went to Pat 's home with food , musical instruments , tape recorder .	Correct
The last day all the friends went to Pat 's home with food , musical instruments , and a tape recorder .	Incorrect
In the afternoon she had phoned at a Francis 's mother and she explained her the secret , then she phoned at her best friend and she speak about that too ; she phoned at many people all the day .	Correct
In the afternoon she had phoned Francis 's mother and she told her the secret , then she phoned her best friend and she spoke about that again ; she phoned many people all day .	Incorrect
Now many people knew the secret but Pat said everyone : " I tell you a small secret , but you do n't speak , please ! "	Correct
Now a lot of people knew the secret but Pat told everyone : " I will tell you a small secret , but do n't you speak about it , please ! "	Incorrect
When he was out he needed to buy some cigarettes so he went to the shop where the owner , a his friend , ask him if he was very happy about his present , the new gold watch , he was very lucky to have best friends like Pat and her friends .	Correct
When he was out he needed to buy some cigarettes so he went to the shop where the owner , his friend , asked him if he was very happy about his present , the new gold watch , he was very lucky to have best friends like Pat and her friends .	Incorrect
The Francis 's secret was discovered !	Correct
Francis discovered the secret !	Incorrect
Now all the Pat 's friend do n't tell her about their secrets because Pat is n't very good at keeping secrets .	Correct
Now none of Pat 's friends tell her about their secrets because Pat is n't very good at keeping secrets .	Incorrect
I went to your show called " Over The Rainbow " and I was really disappointing in many points .	Correct
I went to your show called " Over The Rainbow " and I was really disappointed by many things .	Incorrect
Firstly , you spoke about two actors Danny Brook and Tina Truelove , instead of them we had two others and they were really bad .	Correct
Firstly , you spoke about two actors , Danny Brook and Tina Truelove , but instead of them we had two others and they were really bad .	Incorrect
Moreover , in your advert you spoke about discounts available but it was not the case .	Correct
Moreover , in your advert you wrote that there were discounts available but it was not the case .	Incorrect
Then you offered people to visit your theatre restaurant after the show but it was closed because there is no staff to welcome the people .	Correct
Then you invited people to visit your theatre restaurant after the show but it was closed because there were no staff to welcome people .	Incorrect
You offered something impossible to do .	Correct
You offered something you could not possibly provide .	Incorrect
I did not have a good time for all of this reasons and I would like you to give my money back .	Correct
I did not have a good time for all of these reasons and I would like you to give me my money back .	Incorrect
I hope your understand my request and you are going to reply as soon as possible .	Correct
I hope you understand my request and you are going to reply as soon as possible .	Incorrect
I though she was a really good friend but I made a mistake .	Correct
I thought she was a really good friend but I made a mistake .	Incorrect
She did n't tell me yet but when I came in class everybody was looking at me and this boy as well .	Correct
She did n't tell me but when I came to the class everybody was looking at me and this boy as well .	Incorrect
I looked at her and she became pale and suddently left the class .	Correct
I looked at her and she became pale and suddenly left the class .	Incorrect
I followed her and caught her to push her on the ground .	Correct
I followed her and caught her to push her to the ground .	Incorrect
My Mum was at home and I told her all the story .	Correct
My Mum was at home and I told her the whole story .	Incorrect
She said that I had to be strong and did n't care about them .	Correct
She said that I had to be strong and not care about them .	Incorrect
So I went to the class and everybody was laughing at me and the boy told them to stopped because he loved me and wanted to be with me .	Correct
So I went to the class and everybody was laughing at me and the boy told them to stop because he loved me and wanted to be with me .	Incorrect
At this time all the girls became jealous and stopped to laugh .	Correct
Then all the girls became jealous and stopped laughing .	Incorrect
Dear Mr Robertson .	Correct
Dear Mr Robertson ,	Incorrect
It is a pleasure to write to you and we want to thanks for organising a school trip to London .	Correct
It is a pleasure to write to you and we want to thank you for organising a school trip to London .	Incorrect
We have seen the programme list and we all think it will be enjoyable .	Correct
We have seen the programme and we all think it will be enjoyable .	Incorrect
Especially to the science museum because we all doing science in school .	Correct
Especially to the science museum because we are all doing science in school .	Incorrect
Recently , some students have seen an advertisment about a fashion and leisure show in London . it will be on the 14th and we all want to go .	Correct
Recently , some students have seen an advertisement about a fashion and leisure show in London . It will be on the 14th and we all want to go .	Incorrect
So , it would be greatful if you can give us this opportunity to watch the show .	Correct
So , it would be great if you could give us this opportunity to watch the show .	Incorrect
This is a great opportunity to learn something else because most of us have not been to this kind of show And it is free for students . it will be incredible if we have a chance to watch the show .	Correct
This is a great opportunity to learn something new because most of us have not been to this kind of show and it is free for students . It will be incredible if we have a chance to watch the show .	Incorrect
We also can suggest how the originally programme can be changed .	Correct
We can also suggest how the original programme can be changed .	Incorrect
So we can do shopping instead .	Correct
So we can go shopping instead .	Incorrect
Then , we can go to the show during that period	Correct
Then , we can go to the show during that period .	Incorrect
We are all looking forward for you answer .	Correct
We are all looking forward to your answer .	Incorrect
faithful	Correct
sincerely	Incorrect
Because there was a man had a serious car accident and I was walking pass him .	Correct
Because there was a man who had had a serious car accident and I was walking past him .	Incorrect
I was thinking ' what should I do ? ' I haven't got my mobile phone with me And I was half way between my school and home .	Correct
I was thinking ' what should I do ? ' I had n't got my mobile phone with me and I was halfway between my school and home .	Incorrect
At that time he was unconcious , I kept asking myself ' should I wake him up or try to use my unsure first aid skill to deal with him .	Correct
At that time he was unconscious . I kept asking myself ' Should I wake him up or try to use my dubious first aid skills to help with him . "	Incorrect
I decided to do something to this man , my first move was to check was there any solid or liquid which could blocked his breathe .	Correct
I decided to do something for this man . My first move was to check whether there was any solid or liquid which could have blocked his airways .	Incorrect
And checking his body condition .	Correct
And I checked his body condition .	Incorrect
After that I turned on the car light in order to tell the passing cars .	Correct
After that I turned on the car 's lights in order to warn the passing cars .	Incorrect
I phoned to police And told the whole story .	Correct
I phoned the police and told them the whole story .	Incorrect
The strange thing happened to me , when I got back to that man .	Correct
A strange thing happened to me , when I got back to that man .	Incorrect
Oh , sorry they were not in this road , they were in the next road .	Correct
Oh , sorry they were not on this road . They were on the next road .	Incorrect
I just receive your letter with the good news .	Correct
I just received your letter with the good news .	Incorrect
I am very happy for winning the first prize in your competition and I am glad to tell you that I am planning to go but I can only travel on July because I have to work until the end of June .	Correct
I am very happy about winning the first prize in your competition and I am glad to tell you that I am planning to go , but I can only travel in July because I have to work until the end of June .	Incorrect
For the accommodation I would like to have log cabins rather than tents because two weeks is quite a long time and I think they are more comfortable and give you more privacy .	Correct
Regarding the accommodation , I would like to have a log cabin rather than a tent because two weeks is quite a long time and I think they are more comfortable and give you more privacy .	Incorrect
I am an average swimmer and as a singer I am not a start but it would be fun to share my songs with the holiday makers .	Correct
I am an average swimmer and as a singer I am not a beginner and it would be fun to share my songs with the holiday makers .	Incorrect
Can you please give me some recomendations about the clothes I will need and also the cost of the food there to make my budget .	Correct
Can you please give me some recommendations about the clothes I will need and also the cost of the food there to plan my budget .	Incorrect
In my opinion shopping sometimes is really boring specially when you buy at the supermarkets almost all the time the same things like cleaning products and the ingredients for every day food .	Correct
In my opinion shopping is sometimes really boring , especially when you buy the same things at the supermarkets almost all the time , like cleaning products and the ingredients for everyday recipes .	Incorrect
On the other hand everything looks different if I have to make a present for someone in my family .	Correct
On the other hand everything looks different if I have to get a present for someone in my family .	Incorrect
I start thinking what she or he prefer and I try my best buying something apropiate does n't matter how much money does it cost .	Correct
I start thinking about what she or he prefers and I try my best to buy something appropriate no matter how much money it costs .	Incorrect
In conclusion most of the time that you spend shopping you put a lot of effort choosing things and making decissions and they are more or less important , or more or less enjoyable depends on what , why , where and who is the person that you are interested to please .	Correct
In conclusion most of the time that you spend shopping you put a lot of effort into choosing things and making decisions and they are more or less important , or more or less enjoyable depending on what , why , where and who is the person that you are interested in pleasing .	Incorrect
I AM WRITING YOU WITH REFERENCE IN THE LONDON TRIP WE ARE HAVING PRERY SOON .	Correct
I AM WRITING WITH REFERENCE TO THE LONDON TRIP WE ARE MAKING VERY SOON .	Incorrect
I AM WRITING IN REPRECENTATION OF MY GROUP , AND ALL OF US WANT TO SAY THANK YOU FOR TAKE US ABROAD .	Correct
I AM WRITING ON BEHALF OF MY GROUP , AND ALL OF US WANT TO SAY THANK YOU FOR TAKING US ABROAD .	Incorrect
WE SAW THE ACTIVITIES PROGRAM ALREADY AND WE THINK IS EXCITING , ESPECIALLY THE VISIT TO THE SCIENCE MUSEUM . AT THE SAME TIME WE WOULD LIKE TO ASK YOU SOMETHING .	Correct
WE HAVE SEEN THE ACTIVITIES PROGRAMME ALREADY AND WE THINK IT IS EXCITING , ESPECIALLY THE VISIT TO THE SCIENCE MUSEUM . AT THE SAME TIME , WE WOULD LIKE TO ASK YOU SOMETHING .	Incorrect
THERE IS GOING TO BE THE LONDON FASHION AND LEISURE SHOW ON THE 14TH OF MARCH , FROM 10.00 TO 19.00 .	Correct
THE LONDON FASHION AND LEISURE SHOW IS GOING TO BE ON THE 14TH OF MARCH , FROM 10.00 TO 19.00 .	Incorrect
WE ARE REALY INTERESTING IN THIS SHOW .	Correct
WE ARE REALLY INTERESTED IN THIS SHOW .	Incorrect
EVENTHOUGH YOUR PROGRAM IS PERFECT WE WILL PREFER TO GO THERE .	Correct
EVEN THOUGH YOUR PROGRAMME IS PERFECT , WE WOULD PREFER TO GO THERE .	Incorrect
COULD YOU PLEASE BE SO KIND AND CHANGE SOME OF THE ACTIVITIES THAT WE WILL HAVE ?	Correct
WOULD YOU PLEASE BE SO KIND AS TO CHANGE SOME OF THE ACTIVITIES THAT ARE PLANNED ?	Incorrect
WE THINK IS A GRATE OPORTUNITY , BECAUSE AS YOU KNOW , WE DON'T HAVE ACCES TO THAT KIND OF SHOWS IN THIS CITY .	Correct
WE THINK IT IS A GREAT OPPORTUNITY , BECAUSE AS YOU KNOW , WE DON'T HAVE ACCESS TO THAT KIND OF SHOW IN THIS CITY .	Incorrect
IN CASE YOU DECIDE TO CHANGE THE PROGRAM , WE SUGGEST ON TUSDAY GO TO THE SHOW AND ON WENSDAY INSTED FREE TIME , VISIT THE SCIENCE MUSEUM .	Correct
IN CASE YOU DECIDE TO CHANGE THE PROGRAMME , WE SUGGEST GOING TO THE SHOW ON TUESDAY AND ON WEDNESDAY , INSTEAD OF FREE TIME , VISITING THE SCIENCE MUSEUM .	Incorrect
WE ARE LOOKING FORWARD FOR YOUR ANSWER .	Correct
WE ARE LOOKING FORWARD TO YOUR ANSWER .	Incorrect
YOUR SINCERLY ;	Correct
YOURS SINCERELY ,	Incorrect
THAT NIGHT I WENT TO A PUB IN BAYSWATER .	Correct
THAT NIGHT , I WENT TO A PUB IN BAYSWATER .	Incorrect
WHEN THEY CLOSED I TOOK THE 7 BUS .	Correct
WHEN THEY CLOSED , I TOOK THE NUMBER 7 BUS .	Incorrect
I WAS LIVING QUITE CLOUSE TO PORTOBELLO ROAD BUT I DIDN'T KNOW VERY WELL THE AREA BECAUSE ALL TIME I JUST HAD TO GET OFF IN THE COURNER OF MY HOUSE . BUT THAT DAY , LIKE I WAS KIND OF DRUNK , I DIDN'T REALISE THAT THE BUS TOOK A DIFFERENT WAY ; SO WHEN I NOTICED IT THE DRIVER WAS ALREADY ASKING ME TO GET OFF , BECAUSE WE WHERE IN THE GARAGE IN PORTOBELLO .	Correct
I WAS LIVING QUITE CLOSE TO PORTOBELLO ROAD BUT I DIDN'T KNOW THE AREA VERY WELL BECAUSE ALL THE TIME I JUST HAD TO GET OFF AT THE CORNER OF MY STREET . BUT THAT DAY , AS I WAS KIND OF DRUNK , I DIDN'T REALISE THAT THE BUS TOOK A DIFFERENT ROUTE . SO , WHEN I NOTICED IT , THE DRIVER WAS ALREADY ASKING ME TO GET OFF , BECAUSE WE WERE IN THE GARAGE IN PORTOBELLO .	Incorrect
I TOLD HIM , I DIDN'T KNOW WHERE I WAS BUT HE JUST SEID SORRY .	Correct
I TOLD HIM I DIDN'T KNOW WHERE I WAS , BUT HE JUST SAID SORRY .	Incorrect
I WAS REALY SCARE .	Correct
I WAS REALLY SCARED .	Incorrect
THERE WERE SOME PEOPLE AROUN BUT I WAS AFRAID TO ASK THEM THE WAY I SHOULD TAKE .	Correct
THERE WERE SOME PEOPLE AROUND BUT I WAS AFRAID TO ASK THEM THE WAY .	Incorrect
AT LEAST I ASKED A BOY AND HE SAID " I'LL TELL YOU WHERE IS THE PLACE YOU ARE LOOKING FOR , JUST FOLLOW ME " .	Correct
FINALLY I ASKED A BOY AND HE SAID " I'LL TELL YOU WHERE THE PLACE YOU ARE LOOKING FOR IS , JUST FOLLOW ME " .	Incorrect
10 MINUTES AFTER I WAS FOLLOWING HIM , I START KNOWING THE PLACE , AND I WAS FELLING MORE CONFORTABLE .	Correct
AFTER FILLOWING HIM FOR 10 MINUTES , I STARTED TO RECOGNISE THE PLACE , AND I WAS FEELING MORE COMFORTABLE .	Incorrect
HE TOOK ME RIGHT IN FRONT OF MY HOUSE .	Correct
HE TOOK ME RIGHT TO THE FRONT OF MY HOUSE .	Incorrect
I THANK HIM SO MUCH , AND I WAS SO HAPPY THAT I ASKED TO THE RIGHT PERSON AND NOTHING WRON HAPPEN TO ME .	Correct
I THANKED HIM VERY MUCH , AND I WAS SO HAPPY THAT I ASKED THE RIGHT PERSON AND NOTHING BAD HAPPENED TO ME .	Incorrect
First of all , there was written in the advertisement for the show , that there would be Danny Brook as main actor , but a different actor played in the show .	Correct
First of all , it was written in the advertisement for the show that the main actor would be Danny Brook , but a different actor played in the show .	Incorrect
The show started forty - five minutes later and this really disappointed me .	Correct
The show started forty - five minutes late and this really disappointed me .	Incorrect
Besides , when I bought the ticket , I found out there was not discounts for ticket , while you wrote the contrary .	Correct
Besides , when I bought the ticket , I found out there were not any discounts for tickets , while you wrote the contrary .	Incorrect
Definetely , it was a very disappointing evening and I would appreciate your if it was possible to have my money back .	Correct
Definitely , it was a very disappointing evening and I would appreciate it if it is possible to have my money back .	Incorrect
That was why she decide to change her behaviour .	Correct
That was why she decided to change her behaviour .	Incorrect
She was given a chance : if she had been able not to tell everybody a secret for a short time , her friends would have started trusting her .	Correct
She was given a chance : if she was able not to tell everybody a secret for a short time , her friends would start trusting her .	Incorrect
The secret was about a surprise - party for her bestfriend 's birthday .	Correct
The secret was about a surprise party for her best friend 's birthday .	Incorrect
As soon as the arrangement for the party started , she began to feel nervous and anxious because she wanted to tell everything to her bestfriend .	Correct
As soon as the arrangements for the party started , she began to feel nervous and anxious because she wanted to tell everything to her best friend .	Incorrect
But , as the days went by , she was surprised because she realized she was getting used not to tell secrets any more .	Correct
But , as the days went by , she was surprised because she realized she was getting used to not telling secrets anymore .	Incorrect
All her friends were amazed at her change and started trusting her at once .	Correct
All her friends were amazed at how she had changed and started trusting her at once .	Incorrect
I am writing this letter to you , because the show " Over The Rainbow " which is the London 's newest and best musical show , was not ... for me .	Correct
I am writing this letter to you , because the show " Over The Rainbow " , which is London 's newest and best musical show , was not ... for me .	Incorrect
Pleas apologise me , but there were many mistakes and problems on the note you have made , which disappointed me very .	Correct
Please excuse me , but there were many mistakes and problems on the note you have made , which disappointed me very much .	Incorrect
I thought that Dany Brook who is my favorite actor play in that show .	Correct
I thought that Dany Brook , who is my favourite actor , would perform in that show .	Incorrect
Please , if you would be so kind and mind correct this mistake . I would be gratefull if you could correct too that show start at 20.15 not on 19.30 .	Correct
Please , if you would be so kind correct this mistake . I would be grateful if you could correct too that show starts at 20.15 not on 19.30 .	Incorrect
Other thing was that there was no discounts available , and that the restaurant which I wanted to visit after the show was closed because of the main cooker sikness .	Correct
Another thing was that there were no discounts available , and that the restaurant , which I wanted to visit after the show , was closed because of the main cook sickness .	Incorrect
That evening which should be my perfect evening out , was in fact very tireing and boring .	Correct
That evening , which should have been my perfect evening out , was in fact very tiring and boring .	Incorrect
I am looking forward for answer !	Correct
I am looking forward to your reply !	Incorrect
Best regardes !	Correct
Best regards !	Incorrect
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets , I knew that he 's very talkative person , but it was nessesery because I wanted him to be the main director of that birthday party for tenes .	Correct
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets . I knew that he 's a very talkative person , but it was necessary because I wanted him to be the main organiser of that birthday party for tenes .	Incorrect
Pat found the great place for the party called " Blue Box " .	Correct
Pat found a great place for the party called " Blue Box " .	Incorrect
I made a beautifull invite cards for every Agatha friends with a sign " Do not tell Agatha about that , this is a suprise party for her , please keep the secret ! " Pat arranged great DJ and drinks .	Correct
I made beautiful invitations for all of Agatha 's friends with a note : " Do not tell Agatha about this . This is a surprise party for her . Please keep the secret ! " Pat arranged a great DJ and drinks .	Incorrect
My friend and I made a perfect decoration with ballons and other party stuff .	Correct
My friend and I made the perfect decorations with balloons and other party stuff .	Incorrect
Everyone told us it was breath taking .	Correct
Everyone told us it was breathtaking .	Incorrect
Everyone gathered in disco at 21.00 .	Correct
Everyone gathered in the disco at 21.00 .	Incorrect
We were only waiting for Agatha who should come at 22 o'clock with her boyfriend .	Correct
We were only waiting for Agatha , who was expected at 22 o'clock with her boyfriend .	Incorrect
It was so exaiting ! ! !	Correct
It was so exciting ! ! !	Incorrect
We put off the lights and then the door opened and I just heard " What the hell is going on ? ! ! "	Correct
We turned off the lights and then the door opened and I just heard " What the hell is going on ? ! ! "	Incorrect
Enyway the disco was great , music also .	Correct
Anyway the disco was great , music also .	Incorrect
We had fun to 5 o'clock !	Correct
We had fun until 5 o'clock !	Incorrect
Agatha said that it was the greatest present she could ever get !	Correct
Agatha said that it was the greatest present she could ever receive !	Incorrect
Dear Mr / Mrs ,	Correct
Dear Sir / Madam ,	Incorrect
I 've seen your festival and I would like to give you my suggestions to it .	Correct
I attended your festival and I would like to give you my suggestions for it .	Incorrect
I must say that International Arts Festival is really great idea .	Correct
I must say that the International Arts Festival is really a great idea .	Incorrect
And your last festival was very intresting too .	Correct
And your last festival was very interesting too .	Incorrect
But also there are some notes that you should improve in the next year 's festival to make it absolutelly wonderful .	Correct
But also there are some notes that you should improve in next year 's festival to make it absolutely wonderful .	Incorrect
First of all , you must invite artists and stars from more countries around the world , because there are people only from six countries .	Correct
First of all , you must invite artists and stars from more countries around the world , because there were people only from six countries .	Incorrect
Your dance shows are very beautiful , art exhibitions is something original and exciting .	Correct
Your dance shows are very beautiful , the art exhibition is something original and exciting .	Incorrect
I think that one reasonably - priced weekend for all events is exellent idea because it is n't so Expensive as buying ticket to each event , and with this ticket you can visit everything you want .	Correct
I think that one reasonably - priced weekend ticket for all events is an excellent idea because it is n't so expensive as buying a ticket for each event , and with this ticket you can visit everything you want .	Incorrect
I hope you will continue to making your festivals .	Correct
I hope you will continue holding your festivals .	Incorrect
Your faithfully ,	Correct
Yours faithfully ,	Incorrect
I must say that rules are n't same in schools of our country .	Correct
I must say that the rules are n't the same in the schools of our country .	Incorrect
Every school has it 's own rules .	Correct
Every school has its own rules .	Incorrect
We are all very friendly in our class and we help to each other when we have a problem .	Correct
We are all very friendly in our class and we help each other when we have a problem .	Incorrect
So the main rule in our school is regarding theachers .	Correct
So the main rule in our school is regarding teachers .	Incorrect
And the main reason Why our family is so friendly , it 's because we haven't go many rules .	Correct
And the main reason why our family is so friendly is because we haven't got many rules .	Incorrect
So , I think there is n't something I 'd like to change .	Correct
So , I think there is n't anything I 'd like to change .	Incorrect
Regarding your letter dated on the 6th of June I 'm so happy to receive the first price .	Correct
Regarding your letter dated the 6th of June I 'm so happy to receive the first prize .	Incorrect
The reason is that we have long holidays at school on this time .	Correct
The reason is that we have long holidays at school at that time .	Incorrect
Although , the accommodation is n't so important for me . I would prefer the log cabin because of the comfort and the better bed .	Correct
Although the accommodation is n't so important for me , I would prefer the log cabin because of the comfort and the better bed .	Incorrect
I have choosen the activities surfing and photography .	Correct
I have chosen as my activities surfing and photography .	Incorrect
I 'm a beginner on both activities .	Correct
I 'm a beginner at both activities .	Incorrect
I have some questions as follow :	Correct
I have the following questions :	Incorrect
2 . What I have to pay by myself ?	Correct
2 . What do I have to pay myself ?	Incorrect
How is the wheather in California ?	Correct
How is the weather in California ?	Incorrect
Yours sincerelly ,	Correct
Yours sincerely ,	Incorrect
Most of the time is shopping fun and enjoyable .	Correct
Most of the time shopping is fun and enjoyable .	Incorrect
There are a lot of reasons that could be awful to go shopping .	Correct
There are a lot of reasons why it can be awful to go shopping .	Incorrect
I had once this problem .	Correct
I once had this problem .	Incorrect
The sales assistants in the stores are n't so nice and helpful .	Correct
The sales assistants in the stores are n't so nice or helpful .	Incorrect
Sometimes they give me a bad feeling as , , customer treat with order " .	Correct
Sometimes they give me a bad feeling like , , customer treat with order " .	Incorrect
Last week I was shopping with my younger brother . Awful .	Correct
Last week I was shopping with my younger brother . Awful !	Incorrect
He wanted everything what his eyes saw .	Correct
He wanted everything that his eyes saw .	Incorrect
All the stuff for children are in the same level as they have their eyes .	Correct
All the stuff for children is on the same level as their eyes .	Incorrect
Afterwards , I felt tired and unsatisfy the store .	Correct
Afterwards , I felt tired and unsatisfied with the store .	Incorrect
When I feel me comfortable for shopping everything will be closed or you haven't enough time to look around .	Correct
When I feel in the mood for shopping everything is closed or I haven't enough time to look around .	Incorrect
My conclusion on these points are not so bad . I like shopping at all with my best friend .	Correct
My conclusion on these points is not so bad . I like shopping only with my best friend .	Incorrect
I 'm very happy that I won first prize in your competion .	Correct
I 'm very happy that I won first prize in your competition .	Incorrect
Two weeks at California in the USA is the thing about I dreamed a lot .	Correct
Two weeks at California in the USA is the thing I dreamed about a lot .	Incorrect
The only one term for me to visit you is July .	Correct
The only time for me to visit you is July .	Incorrect
I can come to USA on July becouse on August I will be working with my father .	Correct
I can come to USA in July because in August I will be working with my father .	Incorrect
What about accommodation , I prefer tents to log cabins .	Correct
What about accommodation ? I prefer tents to log cabins .	Incorrect
Nights in hol . on July are hot .	Correct
Nights in hol . in July are hot .	Incorrect
Tent will be more cooler to sleep then the cabin .	Correct
A tent will be cooler to sleep in than a cabin .	Incorrect
You offer a great veriety of activities .	Correct
You offer a great variety of activities .	Incorrect
I always watch the NBA matches on T.V. It will be great for me to train basketball in USA .	Correct
I always watch the NBA matches on T.V. It will be great for me to do basketball in the USA .	Incorrect
I have qustions to .	Correct
I have questions too .	Incorrect
How much money should I take with me and what sort of clothes are requested	Correct
How much money should I take with me and what sort of clothes are required ?	Incorrect
Shoping is not always enjoyable .	Correct
Shopping is not always enjoyable .	Incorrect
Ten or fifteen years ago we had in Poland empty shelves in shops .	Correct
Ten or fifteen years ago we had empty shelves in shops in Poland .	Incorrect
People alwas queued for stuff from west .	Correct
People always queued for stuff from the west .	Incorrect
It was the worst side of shopping in Poland couple years ago .	Correct
It was the worst side of shopping in Poland a couple of years ago .	Incorrect
Nowadays we have capitalism , free market lots of privete shops , markets and super - markets .	Correct
Nowadays we have capitalism , free market , lots of private shops , markets and supermarkets .	Incorrect
We can buy everything what about we imagine .	Correct
We can buy everything we imagine .	Incorrect
Polish super market are not Polish origin shops .	Correct
Polish supermarkets are not Polish - origin shops .	Incorrect
They are imported from enother Western Europe country .	Correct
They are imported from another Western European country .	Incorrect
I apprieciate this shops for lots of products , cheep prices end big spaces .	Correct
I appreciate these shops for lots of products , cheap prices and big spaces .	Incorrect
On Friedy evening and at on the weekdays each supermarkets are crowded .	Correct
On Friday evening and on the weekdays all supermarkets are crowded .	Incorrect
They are filled by people who went buy everything .	Correct
They are filled with people who want to buy everything .	Incorrect
I am writing in reply to your letter in which you communicate I have won first prize in your competion .	Correct
I am writing in reply to your letter in which you told me I have won first prize in your competition .	Incorrect
Now I am answering your questions and then I would like to know further information about travel and accomodation .	Correct
Now I am answering your questions and then I would like to know some further information about travel and accommodation .	Incorrect
I would like to travel in July because in June I am going to take some exams at University and at the moment I do not know the exact date .	Correct
I would like to travel in July because in June I am going to take some exams at university and at the moment I do not know the exact date .	Incorrect
I would prefer an accomodation in log cabins because I am not keen on tents and I think that a log cabin is more comfortable than a tent .	Correct
I would prefer to stay in a log cabin because I am not keen on tents and I think that a log cabin is more comfortable than a tent .	Incorrect
As regard as the chance to do two activities while I am at the Camp I would like to practise painting and photography .	Correct
As regards the chance to do two activities while I am at the Camp I would like to do painting and photography .	Incorrect
I am a painter in oils from life and my subjects are landscapes , people , animals .	Correct
I paint in oils from life and my subjects are landscapes , people , animals .	Incorrect
I like also taking photographs , for example during my journeys or trips .	Correct
I also like taking photographs , for example during my journeys or trips .	Incorrect
Would you give me some information about clothes to wear there ?	Correct
Would you give me some information about me clothes to wear there ?	Incorrect
I would like also to know how much money I can bring .	Correct
I would also like to know how much money I can bring .	Incorrect
There is somebody who says that ' Shopping is not always enjoyable ' and who is happy only when can go shopping .	Correct
There is somebody who says that ' Shopping is not always enjoyable , ' and who is happy only when he can go shopping .	Incorrect
In the first I do not think that shopping is enjoyable when you must do so in a hurry or for duty .	Correct
First I do not think that shopping is enjoyable when you must do it in a hurry or as a duty .	Incorrect
If you have to run from one shop to another and always looking at the watch , doing shopping is a terrible activity .	Correct
If you have to run from one shop to another , always looking at your watch , going shopping is a terrible activity .	Incorrect
On the other hand if you can walk without anytime problem with a good friend I think that shopping is very enjoyable .	Correct
On the other hand if you can walk around without any time problem with a good friend I think that shopping is very enjoyable .	Incorrect
For istance , it is funny enter a clothes shop and try on a skirt or a t - shirt although you do not buy anything .	Correct
For instance , it is fun to enter a clothes shop and try on a skirt or a T - shirt although you do not buy anything .	Incorrect
To sum up I enjoy wasting money and buying useful things or not .	Correct
To sum up I enjoy wasting money whether buying useful things or not .	Incorrect
I often like getting gifts for my relatives and friends .	Correct
I often like buying gifts for my relatives and friends .	Incorrect
In my opinion , shopping is relaxing above all on Saturdays when you have finished a work week and you are expecting a wonderful Sunday .	Correct
In my opinion , shopping is relaxing , above all on Saturdays when you have finished a working week and you are expecting a wonderful Sunday .	Incorrect
I AM VERY GLAD TO HEAR THAT I AM THE WONNER OF THE COMPETITION ORGANISED BY YOUR COMPANY LAST MONTH .	Correct
I AM VERY GLAD TO HEAR THAT I AM THE winner OF THE COMPETITION ORGANISED BY YOUR COMPANY LAST MONTH .	Incorrect
IT IS VERY PLEASED TO KNOW THAT I HAVE A CHANCE TO SPEND TWO WEEKS AT CAMP CALIFORNIA IN THE USA , WHERE I HAVE NEVER BEEN BEFORE .	Correct
IT IS VERY PLEASING TO KNOW THAT I HAVE A CHANCE TO SPEND TWO WEEKS AT CAMP CALIFORNIA IN THE USA , WHERE I HAVE NEVER BEEN BEFORE .	Incorrect
ACCORDING TO YOUR REQUIREMENTS I WOULD LIKE TO ANSWER YOUR QUESTIONS REGARDING TRAVEL TIME , ACCOMMODATION 'S PREFERENCES AND ACTIVITIES WHICH I LIKE TO DO .	Correct
ACCORDING TO YOUR REQUIREMENTS I WOULD LIKE TO ANSWER YOUR QUESTIONS REGARDING TRAVEL TIME , ACCOMMODATION PREFERENCES AND ACTIVITIES WHICH I LIKE TO DO .	Incorrect
WE WILL BE WORKING ON THIS WHOLE AUGUST SO THE ONLY ONE VACATION MONTH I CAN GO IS JULY .	Correct
WE WILL BE WORKING ON THIS FOR THE WHOLE OF AUGUST SO THE ONLY ONE VACATION MONTH I CAN GO IS JULY .	Incorrect
CONCERNING THE ACCOMMODATION - PLEASE BE INFORMED THAT I WOULD PREFER THE LOG CABIN AS IN THE MEANTIME I SHOULD WORK ON MY LAPTOP , PREPARING SOME FINANCIAL REPORTS SO THE ELECTRICITY WILL BE NEEDED . I THINK THAT THE LOG CABIN WILL BE MORE COMFORTABLE AT ALL . REGARDING TWO ACTIVITIES - I HAVE CHOOSEN TENNIS AND PHOTOGRAPHY .	Correct
CONCERNING THE ACCOMMODATION - PLEASE BE INFORMED THAT I WOULD PREFER THE LOG CABIN AS IN THE MEANTIME I SHOULD WORK ON MY LAPTOP , PREPARING SOME FINANCIAL REPORTS SO ELECTRICITY WILL BE NEEDED . I THINK THAT THE LOG CABIN WILL BE MORE COMFORTABLE OVER ALL . REGARDING TWO ACTIVITIES - I HAVE CHOSEN TENNIS AND PHOTOGRAPHY .	Incorrect
I JUST STARTED TO PLAY TENNIS THAT IS WHY I THINK IT WOULD BE A POSSIBILITY TO PRACTISE AND CHECK MY SKILLS .	Correct
I JUST STARTED TO PLAY TENNIS . THAT IS WHY I THINK IT WOULD BE A POSSIBILITY TO PRACTISE AND CHECK MY SKILLS .	Incorrect
PEOPLE LIKE DOING SHOPPING ( ASPECIALLY IN POLAND , WHERE MANY NEW AND MODERN SUPERMARKETS HAVE BEEN OPENED ) LADIES PREFER TO VISIT UNDERWEAR SHOPS OR DEPARTMENTS IN HUGE HIPERMARKETS AND MEN ARE HAPPY WHEN THEY CAN BUY SOMETHING NEW FOR THEIR CARS , MOTORS OR COMPUTERS .	Correct
PEOPLE LIKE DOING SHOPPING ( ESPECIALLY IN POLAND , WHERE MANY NEW AND MODERN SUPERMARKETS HAVE BEEN OPENED ) LADIES PREFER TO VISIT UNDERWEAR SHOPS OR DEPARTMENTS IN HUGE HYPERMARKETS AND MEN ARE HAPPY WHEN THEY CAN BUY SOMETHING NEW FOR THEIR CARS , MOTORBIKES OR COMPUTERS .	Incorrect
PEOPLE ALL OVER THE WORLD LIKE GOING TO DO SHOPPING WITH FRIENDS OF FAMILIES ( IT 'S EASIER TO CHOOSE THE REALLY NEEDED THINGS FOR KITCHEN OR BATHROOM , TO GET SOMETHING TASTY FOR DINNER , LUNCH OR BREAKFAST ) .	Correct
PEOPLE ALL OVER THE WORLD LIKE GOING TO DO SHOPPING WITH FRIENDS OF FAMILY ( IT 'S EASIER TO CHOOSE THE REALLY NEEDED THINGS FOR KITCHEN OR BATHROOM , TO GET SOMETHING TASTY FOR DINNER , LUNCH OR BREAKFAST ) .	Incorrect
THEY CAN SAY , , SHOPPING IS NOT ENJOYABLE '' BECAUSE THEY PREFER TO ORDER CLOTHES AND FOOD IN CATALOGUES OR IN THE PIZZA HUT RESTAURANT SITUATED ON THE CORNER .	Correct
THEY CAN SAY , , SHOPPING IS NOT ENJOYABLE '' BECAUSE THEY PREFER TO ORDER CLOTHES AND FOOD FROM CATALOGUES OR IN THE PIZZA HUT RESTAURANT SITUATED ON THE CORNER .	Incorrect
THEY ARE TOO LAZY FOR WALKING AND LOOKING FOR SOMETHING NICE FOR BIRTHDAY PRESENT OR FLOWERS FOR GIRL - FRIENDS .	Correct
THEY ARE TOO LAZY FOR WALKING AND LOOKING FOR SOMETHING NICE FOR A BIRTHDAY PRESENT OR FLOWERS FOR GIRLFRIENDS .	Incorrect
ON THE OTHER HAND - IT 'S VERY COMFORTABLE TO SEAT AT HOME , CALL AND WAIT FOR THE ORDER REALISATION .	Correct
ON THE OTHER HAND - IT 'S VERY COMFORTABLE TO SIT AT HOME , CALL AND WAIT FOR THE ORDER .	Incorrect
PEOPLE , WHO DON'T LIKE SHOPPING HAVE THEIR OWN REASONS OF THIS SITUATIONS ( MAYBE THEY HAD AN ACCIDENT WITH A RUDE SHOP - ASSISTANCE , BOUGHT NOT FRESH FOOD ONE DAY AND DO NOT WANT TO DO THAT ANY MORE , HAD BAD EXPERIENCE WITH OTHER PEOPLE IN SHOPS ) .	Correct
PEOPLE WHO DON'T LIKE SHOPPING HAVE THEIR OWN REASONS FOR THIS SITUATION ( MAYBE THEY HAD AN ACCIDENT WITH A RUDE SHOP ASSISTANT , BOUGHT NOT FRESH FOOD ONE DAY AND DO NOT WANT TO DO THAT ANY MORE , HAD A BAD EXPERIENCE WITH OTHER PEOPLE IN SHOPS ) .	Incorrect
ANYHOW EVERYBODY SHOUD DO SHOPPING AS PEOPLE NEED TO EAT , NEED CLOTHES AND MANY OTHER IMPORTANT THINGS TO LIVE .	Correct
ANYWAY EVERYBODY SHOULD DO SHOPPING AS PEOPLE NEED TO EAT , NEED CLOTHES AND MANY OTHER IMPORTANT THINGS TO LIVE .	Incorrect
BUT EVERY INDIVIDUAL CAN CHOOSE THE WAY HOW TO DO IT .	Correct
BUT EVERY INDIVIDUAL CAN CHOOSE THE WAY TO DO IT .	Incorrect
IT ABSOLUTELY DEPENDS ON A LIFE - STYLE , PERSONALITY AND NEEDS .	Correct
IT ABSOLUTELY DEPENDS ON LIFESTYLE , PERSONALITY AND NEEDS .	Incorrect
Thanks you very much for your recent letter .	Correct
Thank you very much for your recent letter .	Incorrect
I can not believe that I won the first prize ( It 's great ! ) and of course , I am very happy .	Correct
I can not believe that I won the first prize ( it 's great ! ) and , of course , I am very happy .	Incorrect
As your questions , I am free to travel only on July because I will having my holiday after finished the exams .	Correct
As for your questions , I am free to travel only in July because I will have my holiday after finishing the exams .	Incorrect
And , I have to returned to my university by August .	Correct
And , I have to return to my university by August .	Incorrect
I prefer to stay in log cabin rather than in tent because I am not used to with narrow space and feel more comfortable with a place like bedroom .	Correct
I prefer to stay in a log cabin rather than in a tent because I am not used to narrow spaces and feel more comfortable with a place like a bedroom .	Incorrect
Furthermore , I prefer to do painting and photography as my hobbies and my fasinative in art and enjoyed to take a photograph of wildlife .	Correct
Furthermore , I prefer to do painting and photography as my hobbies and my fascination for art and enjoy taking photographs of wildlife .	Incorrect
Finally , please could you give me an idea what sort of clothes to bring ? and how much would be spend there .	Correct
Finally , please could you give me an idea what sort of clothes to bring ? And how much will I spend there ?	Incorrect
Also , please advice for any necessary things to prepare and bring .	Correct
Also , please advise me regarding any things it is necessary to prepare and bring .	Incorrect
I looking forward to hearing from you soon .	Correct
I look forward to hearing from you soon .	Incorrect
Sorry for I haven't written to you for such a long time , but I 've got a good excute !	Correct
Sorry I haven't written to you for such a long time , but I 've got a good excuse !	Incorrect
It was a big one that I never thougth and I could n't imagine how amazing was it .	Correct
It was a big one and I could n't have imagined how amazing it was .	Incorrect
I did n't know what is my responsible until they called me to trained .	Correct
I did n't know what was my responsibility until they called me to be trained .	Incorrect
What a surprised ! and unbelieveable , I was responsible for looking after the pop stars .	Correct
What a surprise ! And unbelievably , I was responsible for looking after the pop stars .	Incorrect
But , I 've got though it . I have to taken care of them during a break , served a drink , clothes , even brought them some cigaratte and anything they wants .	Correct
But , I got through it . I had to take care of them during the break , serving drinks , clothes , I even brought them some cigarettes and anything they wanted .	Incorrect
I think they are so hospitality and warm with people around them . You know ! because of these are change all my opinions about self - important behavior of superstar .	Correct
I think they are so hospitable and warm with people around them . You know , because of this all my opinions about the self - important behaviour of superstars have changed .	Incorrect
The most appreciated was they 've given me their latate CD with signature . Marvellous thing ! and of couse as you have seen it I 've given one to you .	Correct
What I most appreciated was that they gave me their latest CD with their signatures . Marvellous thing ! And of course , as you have seen , I 've given one to you .	Incorrect
I hope you 're well and enjoyed with CD and do n't forget to write back all about your news during my summer holiday job .	Correct
I hope you 're well and enjoyed the CD and do n't forget to write back all about your news from during your summer holiday job .	Incorrect
I am a foreign student who is on holidays here .	Correct
I am a foreign student who is on holiday here .	Incorrect
I am going to stay here a week .	Correct
I am going to stay here for a week .	Incorrect
I 'm sorry but I am very dissapointed with the musical show .	Correct
I 'm sorry but I am very disappointed with the show .	Incorrect
I would like to explain you my experience because I want you to give my money back .	Correct
I would like to describe to you my experience because I want you to give me my money back .	Incorrect
The last Monday , I went to the theatre with two friends .	Correct
Last Monday , I went to the theatre with two friends .	Incorrect
We arrived on time but the musical show was delayed untill half - pass eight .	Correct
We arrived on time but the show was delayed until half - past eight .	Incorrect
Moreover , we had n't any disscount for beeing students .	Correct
Moreover , we were n't given any discount for being students .	Incorrect
On the other hand , the main actor was changed for another and nobody told us .	Correct
Furthermore , the main actor was changed for another and nobody told us .	Incorrect
When there was a restful we went to the restaurant which was closed because it was late .	Correct
When there was an intermission we went to the restaurant which was closed because it was late .	Incorrect
Well I believe that it was a bad day but I would like you to give my money back because on the advertisement there was some things that we had n't in the theatre .	Correct
Well I believe that it was a bad day but I would like you to give me my money back because in the advertisement there were some things that we did n't have in the theatre .	Incorrect
Finally , it would be grateful if you could answer me soon .	Correct
Finally , I would be grateful if you could answer me soon .	Incorrect
Yous sincerelly ,	Correct
Yours sincerely ,	Incorrect
When I was a child I had different entertainments that the actually children had n't .	Correct
When I was a child I had different entertainment to those that modern - day children have .	Incorrect
We could play with our toys , dolls and we could enjoy without a computer .	Correct
We could play with our toys , dolls and we could enjoy ourselves without a computer .	Incorrect
We had n't so many machines than they have .	Correct
We had n't so many machines as they have .	Incorrect
It 's very important but some times it is a wrong thing because the children can see it too .	Correct
It 's very important but sometimes it is a bad thing because the children can see it too .	Incorrect
We can find information about the weather , sports on our TV - text .	Correct
We can find information about the weather and sports on our TV - text .	Incorrect
On the other hand , the science is changing .	Correct
On the other hand , science is changing .	Incorrect
We have more researchers than some years ago and we will be able to find the solution of lots of problems .	Correct
We have more researchers than a few years ago and we will be able to find the solution to lots of problems .	Incorrect
Actually , we can cure illness which were very dangerous before .	Correct
Actually , we can cure illnesses which were once very dangerous .	Incorrect
I 'm sure that in a couple of years we will see cured some illness like cancer , UTH .	Correct
I 'm sure that in a couple of years we will see some illnesses like cancer and UTH cured .	Incorrect
I 'm writing to You in order to express my feelings about the International Arts Festival .	Correct
I 'm writing to you in order to express my feelings about the International Arts Festival .	Incorrect
I spent two days there , and I think it was the best Arts Festival I have ever been at .	Correct
I spent two days there , and I think it was the best Arts Festival I have ever been to .	Incorrect
I also hope , that the festival could be even better next year .	Correct
I also hope that the festival could be even better next year .	Incorrect
The great idea of making it " international " was unfortunately not brought to life , because the artists ( mentioned to be " from around the world " ) were from only six countries .	Correct
The great idea of making it " international " was unfortunately not brought to life , because the artists ( said to be " from around the world " ) were from only six countries .	Incorrect
Maybe the eason for that is very simple : lack of money ?	Correct
Maybe the reason for that is very simple : lack of money ?	Incorrect
It would explain , why some concert halls were simply too small - you just could n't afford bigger ones .	Correct
It would explain why some concert halls were simply too small - you just could n't afford bigger ones .	Incorrect
On the other hand , the wide range of plays and films to choose impressed me most .	Correct
On the other hand , the wide range of plays and films to choose from impressed me the most .	Incorrect
I also thank you for the excellent idea of one ticket for all events , which allowed me to see all the things I was interested in .	Correct
I also thank you for the excellent idea of having one ticket for all events , which allowed me to see all the things I was interested in .	Incorrect
If you really want to hear about school rules in my country , I 'll try to write about them in a nutshell .	Correct
If you really want to hear about school rules in my country , I 'll try to write about them briefly .	Incorrect
We do n't have to wear any special uniforms on signs of our school .	Correct
We do n't have to wear any special uniforms or signs of our school .	Incorrect
Some rules are really simple : we must be at school on time , and we must not disturb others during the classes .	Correct
Some rules are really simple : we must be at school on time , and we must not disturb others during classes .	Incorrect
In winters we are to change our shoes .	Correct
In winter we are to change our shoes .	Incorrect
It may sound funny , but mud , gravel and snow lying on the school 's floors is not a nice sight , so we change our schoes without questioning that rule .	Correct
It may sound funny , but mud , gravel and snow lying on the school floors is not a nice sight , so we change our shoes without questioning that rule .	Incorrect
I am also used to write exams which are in polish schools very often .	Correct
I am also used to writing exams which are very often in Polish schools .	Incorrect
Your faithfully ,	Correct
Yours faithfully ,	Incorrect
Dear Ms Helen Ryan	Correct
Dear Ms Ryan	Incorrect
I write to find out further information and give you some details about myself and the travel that I have won in your competition .	Correct
I am writing to find out further information and give you some details about myself and the trip that I have won in your competition .	Incorrect
First of all , I would like to inform you that I am able to travel only in July . Because , I am a student and in June , I will still have school .	Correct
First of all , I would like to inform you that I am able to travel only in July because I am a student and in June , I will still have school .	Incorrect
Also , in Augost I will be studying a summer English course .	Correct
Also , in August I will be studying a summer course in English .	Incorrect
Because I would like to stay somewhere which differs from my home and every days comforts , in these two weeks .	Correct
Because I would like to stay somewhere which differs from my home and everyday comforts , during these two weeks .	Incorrect
However , in your letter is written some activities . I would choose Basketball and Tennis .	Correct
However , in your letter you mentioned some activities . I would choose Basketball and Tennis .	Incorrect
Basketball I have been playing in a team , of my town for ten years .	Correct
I have been playing basketball in a team in my town for ten years .	Incorrect
Also Tennis is my favourite hobby and I play twice every week with my friends .	Correct
Also tennis is my favourite hobby and I play twice a week with my friends .	Incorrect
Finally , I would be grateful to you , if you told me about clothes and money .	Correct
Finally , I would be grateful to you if you would tell me about clothes and money .	Incorrect
Will we need any special clothes and How much you would suggest me to carry for these two weeks ?	Correct
Will we need any special clothes and how much would you suggest I bring for these two weeks ?	Incorrect
I am very well I 'm writing to explain my experience with the pop concert ; last month .	Correct
I am very well . I 'm writing to tell you about my experience with the pop concert last month .	Incorrect
First of all , I think that I help them .	Correct
First of all , I think that I helped them .	Incorrect
I was going to markets to schools and I was giving information when and where the group was going to appear as well as where can they buy or book a ticket for this concert .	Correct
I was going to markets and to schools and I was giving out information about when and where the group was going to appear as well as where people could buy or book a ticket for this concert .	Incorrect
I know , It was difficult and tired but I enjoyed a lot .	Correct
I know it was difficult and tiring but I enjoyed it a lot .	Incorrect
Firstly , it was a good break from the routine .	Correct
Firstly , it was a good break from the usual routine .	Incorrect
Because I did it for first time .	Correct
Because I was doing it for the first time .	Incorrect
Also , I felt wonderful when I saw , that the concert had succesed and every day was croweded .	Correct
Also , I felt wonderful when I saw that the concert was a success and every day it was crowded .	Incorrect
Because I believed that this was a result which came with my help .	Correct
Because I believed that this was a result which came about with my help .	Incorrect
I would like to do again it in the future .	Correct
I would like to do it again in the future .	Incorrect
All students are very pleased and we are looking forward to go to London .	Correct
All the students are very pleased and we are looking forward to going to London .	Incorrect
We know we are going for three days , but we 'll have enough time to use one of the bigger city in the world .	Correct
We know we are going for only three days , but we 'll have enough time to see one of the biggest cities in the world .	Incorrect
London is the place to be when always something happening .	Correct
London is the place to be because there is always something happening .	Incorrect
We all very happy with your programme , especially we like the idea of sightseeing by our and National Art Gallery .	Correct
We are all very happy with your programme , we especially like the idea of going sightseeing by ourselves and visiting the National Art Gallery .	Incorrect
The students in my class have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show , we would like to ask you if is possible to make some changes in the programme ?	Correct
The students in my class have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show , and we would like to ask you if it is possible to make some changes to the programme .	Incorrect
The show is on Tuesday the 14th between 10.00- 13.00 .	Correct
The show is on Tuesday 14th between 10.00 and 13.00 .	Incorrect
We think is the great opportunity to see latest fashion , find about make up and hairstyles .	Correct
We think it is a great opportunity to see the latest fashions , and find out about make - up and hairstyles .	Incorrect
And all of it is free ,	Correct
And all of it is free .	Incorrect
According to your programme we have the science Museum which is in the morning and then shopping .	Correct
According to your programme , we have the Science Museum which is in the morning and then shopping .	Incorrect
Would it be possible to go to the Museum and then for the shopping in our free time which is on Wednesday ?	Correct
Would it be possible to go to the Museum and then go shopping in our free time , which is on Wednesday ?	Incorrect
All students will be very greatful .	Correct
All the students would be very grateful .	Incorrect
your sincerly	Correct
Yours sincerely	Incorrect
I think for all of us home is something which is a very important .	Correct
I think for all of us home is something which is very important .	Incorrect
We call home the place where we live or the country where we come frome .	Correct
We call home the place where we live or the country where we come from .	Incorrect
Anyway home is always the place to go because is ours we feel save and comfortable .	Correct
Anyway home is always the place to go because it is ours , we feel safe and comfortable there .	Incorrect
After hard work we want to go home to have our corner where we are all able to rest and relax .	Correct
After hard work , we want to go home to have our corner where we are able to rest and relax .	Incorrect
We live in the very busy world !	Correct
We live in a very busy world !	Incorrect
Working long hours , doing plenty of activieties , going out , going on holidays .	Correct
Working long hours , doing plenty of activities , going out , going on holidays .	Incorrect
We even do n't spend time with families .	Correct
We do n't even spend time with our families .	Incorrect
Propably in the future we might be to busy to go to our own home and spend some time there .	Correct
Probably in the future we may be too busy to go to our own home and spend some time there .	Incorrect
But in the end of the day it alway will be place to go ! We find our family there and our life .	Correct
But at the end of the day it will always be the place to go ! We find our family there and our life .	Incorrect
Some of us have been living in one house since they were born .	Correct
Some of us have been living in the same house since we were born .	Incorrect
We are sentimental and we have memory from the past . I think it 's a part of our life.lf	Correct
We are sentimental and we have memories from the past . I think it 's a part of our life .	Incorrect
I am writing to complain about the musical show .	Correct
I am writing to complain about the musical show ,	Incorrect
First of all , I would like to have seen Danny Brook as I am keen on his play .	Correct
First of all , I would like to have seen Danny Brook as I am keen on his acting .	Incorrect
He did not play in the evening .	Correct
He did not perform that evening .	Incorrect
In addition , although you advertised the discounts tickets available , they do not sale them any more according to your staff .	Correct
In addition , although you advertised that discount tickets were available , they do not sell them any more according to your staff .	Incorrect
Finally , we went to the restaurant in your theater after the show .	Correct
Finally , we went to the restaurant in your theatre after the show .	Incorrect
It was closed because of the staff trainning .	Correct
It was closed because of the staff training .	Incorrect
Unless I hear from you within ten days , I shall have to take legal advice on the matter .	Correct
Unless I hear from you within ten days , I shall have to take legal advice on this matter .	Incorrect
It is believed that our life style has been changed by mordern technology such as computers and washing machine etc .	Correct
It is believed that our lifestyle has been changed by modern technology such as computers and washing machines etc .	Incorrect
I have found very expensive to buy them but there are number of advantages .	Correct
I have found it very expensive to buy them but there are a number of advantages .	Incorrect
First of all , dishwashers are very effecient for me because I work full time and look after my children .	Correct
First of all , dishwashers are very convenient for me because I work full - time and look after my children .	Incorrect
He complained about a lot .	Correct
He complained about that a lot .	Incorrect
Secondly , computers are useful for us as well , because we do not need to go somewhere if we want to have information , for example traveling .	Correct
Secondly , computers are useful for us as well , because we do not need to go somewhere if we want to get information , for example about travelling .	Incorrect
However my family 's members do less communicate with each other than we used to , because my children are keen on playing computer games .	Correct
However , my family members do communicate with each other less than they used to , because my children are keen on playing computer games .	Incorrect
In my opinion , the morden technology make our life style combinient .	Correct
In my opinion , modern technology makes our life easier .	Incorrect
It is very good for us but I think we should think about more carefully when we buy something for our children .	Correct
It is very good for us but I think we should think more carefully when we buy something for our children .	Incorrect
Last week I was on holiday in London and I went to the theatre for entertaining but I wish I 'd not go there because everythings went wrong .	Correct
Last week I was on holiday in London and I went to the theatre for entertaining but I wish I 'd not gone there because everything went wrong .	Incorrect
I bought a ticket at the box office but there were not any discounts for student like you said in the advertisement for the show and also the show had to start at 19.30 but on that day it delaied about 45 minutes .	Correct
I bought a ticket at the box office but there were not any discounts for students like you said in the advertisement for the show and also the show was meant to start at 19.30 but on that day it was delayed about 45 minutes .	Incorrect
During the show I was expected to meet Danny Brook who is my favourite actor and Tina Truelove .	Correct
During the show I expected to see Danny Brook , who is my favourite actor , and Tina Truelove .	Incorrect
There are Robert Alan and Jack Ruby instead of them .	Correct
There were Robert Alan and Jack Ruby instead of them .	Incorrect
After finishing the show I wanted to visit your restaurant and I found that it was closed .	Correct
After the show finished I wanted to visit your restaurant and I found that it was closed .	Incorrect
It was a sign in front of the restaurant " sorry we closed because special reasons " and I was wondering what was the reasons for that .	Correct
There was a sign in front of the restaurant : " sorry we are closed for special reasons " . And I was wondering what the reasons were for that .	Incorrect
Finally I would like to have refund for my ticket back because it was horrible evening .	Correct
Finally , I would like to have a refund for my ticket because it was a horrible evening .	Incorrect
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets that why our great plan for horiday were not be real .	Correct
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets . That was why our great plan for our holiday was not be real .	Incorrect
It happened in last summer we planed to go on holiday in the Southen part of Thailand by motorbike but we could n't tell our parents because they would n't allow us to go .	Correct
It happened last summer . We planned to go on holiday in the southern part of Thailand by motorbike but we could n't tell our parents because they would n't allow us to go .	Incorrect
We started our journey and we arrived at our purpose place by 6 o'clock in the evening .	Correct
We started our journey and we arrived at our destination by 6 o'clock in the evening .	Incorrect
The sun was shining and wind were breezing like we had imaged .	Correct
The sun was shining and the wind was blowing like we had imagined .	Incorrect
Whlile I was standing on the beach suddenly I heard someone called my name and said that I had to go home , that right , she is my mum .	Correct
While I was standing on the beach , suddenly I heard someone call my name and say that I had to go home . That is right , it was my mum .	Incorrect
She told me Pat had phoned her while we were going and my mum followed us because it was so dangerous to went by bicycle .	Correct
She told me Pat had phoned her while we were leaving and my mum followed us because it was so dangerous to go by bicycle .	Incorrect
Eventhrough we could spend our holiday there but with my mum and I just found that it was fantasy time which I had never though about it .	Correct
Even though we could spend our holiday there but with my mum and I just found that it was fantasy time which I had never thought about it .	Incorrect
From now on I do n't want to tell something secrets to Pat because she always tell someone else but she still my best friend .	Correct
From now on , I do n't want to tell Pat anything secret because she always tells someone else but she is still my best friend .	Incorrect
I am writing in reply to your letter I received yestarday .	Correct
I am writing in reply to your letter I received yesterday .	Incorrect
At the beginning I would like to answer questions you asked me in your letter .	Correct
At the beginning I would like to answer the questions you asked me in your letter .	Incorrect
The most appropriate month for me to travel is July because my boss promised to give me this month off ( I am in charge of project which starts in June so I am sure I could n't go later ) .	Correct
The most suitable month for me to travel is July because my boss promised to give me this month off ( I am in charge of a project which starts in June so I am sure I could n't go later ) .	Incorrect
' As I have a choise I would prefer to stay in log cabins to tents because they seem to be more comfortable and you are not so depended on weather conditions .	Correct
' As I have a choice I would prefer to stay in log cabins rather than tents because they seem to be more comfortable and you are not so dependent on weather conditions .	Incorrect
Last year I took part in photograher 's contest and I won a second prize in Poland in cathegory of , , beautiful scenery '' .	Correct
Last year I took part in a photographer 's contest and I won a second prize in Poland in the category of , , beautiful scenery '' .	Incorrect
Climbing , in contrast , is something I started few months ago , so I have not gained any success in this sport .	Correct
Climbing , in contrast , is something I started a few months ago , so I have not gained any success in this sport .	Incorrect
But you could give me a chance to get more familier with it .	Correct
But you could give me a chance to get more familiar with it .	Incorrect
I would like also to know what the cost of spending two weeks in the U.S.A. is .	Correct
I would also like to know what the cost of spending two weeks in the U.S.A. is .	Incorrect
I want to thank you ones more for taking me into consideration in your competition .	Correct
I want to thank you once more for taking me into consideration in your competition .	Incorrect
Have you ever been to a big supermarket and tried to find something you really like or want , looking throug shelves and not finding that in the end .	Correct
Have you ever been to a big supermarket and tried to find something you really like or want , looking through shelves and not finding that in the end .	Incorrect
There is a lot of situations which could make you feel similar while you do shopping .	Correct
There are a lot of situations which could make you feel similar while you do shopping .	Incorrect
You could also buy something which later turns out to be out of order .	Correct
You could also buy something which later turns out to be broken .	Incorrect
Moreover , you could face an agressive and maybe even drunk shop assistant or manager .	Correct
Moreover , you could face an aggressive and maybe even drunk shop assistant or manager .	Incorrect
But at home you noticed that there is a tear on sleeve .	Correct
But at home you notice that there is a tear on the sleeve .	Incorrect
And you could n't of course give it back because the price was lowered and your dress is not under guarantee .	Correct
And you could n't of course take it back because the price was lowered and your dress is not under guarantee .	Incorrect
I would like to complain about the show which you presented on last saturday .	Correct
I would like to complain about the show which you presented last Saturday .	Incorrect
It was such disappointing evening out with my friend during our a week 's holiday in London .	Correct
It was such a disappointing evening out with my friend during our week 's holiday in London .	Incorrect
We have had a quite pleasant time except the evening .	Correct
We have had a quite pleasant time except for that evening .	Incorrect
These are some points I want mention about the differencies between the advertisement said and the realities .	Correct
These are some points I want to mention about the differences between what the advertisement said and the realities .	Incorrect
First , I had a great expectation to see Danny Brook plays his role , but he had never shown up that night .	Correct
First , I had a great expectation to see Danny Brook playing his role , but he had never shown up that night .	Incorrect
It was a such disappointing .	Correct
It was such a disappointment .	Incorrect
Second , it started only at 20:15 .	Correct
Second , it only started at 20:15 .	Incorrect
It was 45 minutes later than it suppose to be .	Correct
It was 45 minutes later than it was supposed to be .	Incorrect
It was a such boaring to wait the show in a noisy and hot theatre .	Correct
It was so boring to wait for the show in a noisy and hot theatre .	Incorrect
Third , there was no possibility of discount .	Correct
Third , there was no possibility of a discount .	Incorrect
The girl sold the tickets was laughing at me when I mention about the discounts availability was written in the advertisement .	Correct
The girl who sold the tickets was laughing at me when I mentioned about how the discounts availability was written in the advertisement .	Incorrect
Forth , the theatre restaurant was closed .	Correct
Fourth , the theatre restaurant was closed .	Incorrect
There was a not on the door saying that the painting was going on the weekend .	Correct
There was a note on the door saying that painting was going on that weekend .	Incorrect
Finally the sentence was written blow down on the advertisement was absolutely not true .	Correct
Finally , the sentence that was written on the advertisement was absolutely not true .	Incorrect
It was most imperfect evening out I ever exprienced .	Correct
It was the most imperfect evening out I ever experienced .	Incorrect
I wish that you can provide a better service next time , and this time you need give back the money we paid .	Correct
I hope that you can provide a better service next time , and this time you need to give back the money we paid .	Incorrect
Since I moved to London to study English I have had a hard time to make intimate friendship with people around me .	Correct
Since I moved to London to study English I have had a hard time making intimate friendships with people around me .	Incorrect
It took quite long time to adjust in the multi culture in the language institue .	Correct
It took quite a long time to adjust to the multi culture in the language institute .	Incorrect
Even I could meet some friend , but I could n't express my heat to them for we have different back ground and our first language were different .	Correct
Even if I could meet some friend , I could n't express my heat to them because we have different backgrounds and our first languages were different .	Incorrect
I really wished to have a friend can share everything is going in our lives .	Correct
I really wished to have a friend with whom I could share everything that is going on in our lives .	Incorrect
She was a such wonderful person in our class .	Correct
She was such a wonderful person in our class .	Incorrect
She tried to help others when they have difficult time at school .	Correct
She tried to help others when they had a difficult time at school .	Incorrect
One day she realized that I was always been outside of circle .	Correct
One day she realized that I was always outside of the circle .	Incorrect
Since then we have visited each other often and spent time together in weekend usally .	Correct
Since then we have visited each other often and spent time together on the weekend usually .	Incorrect
We had a fantastic time together for three monthes .	Correct
We had a fantastic time together for three months .	Incorrect
Even we could make a trip to Paris in the school holiday !	Correct
We could even make a trip to Paris in the school holiday !	Incorrect
I thought that I found a good friend in my life .	Correct
I thought that I had found a good friend in my life .	Incorrect
There were some stories I never told anyone before , but I had share with her all my secrets .	Correct
There were some stories I never told anyone before , but I shared with her all my secrets .	Incorrect
Few days later I told her about my secret love story , it became a top gossip among my classmate .	Correct
A few days after I told her about my secret love story , it became top gossip among my classmates .	Incorrect
I wonder if it is all right for that time .	Correct
I wonder if it is all right to come at that time .	Incorrect
And for my accommodation .	Correct
And concerning my accommodation ,	Incorrect
I prefer live in a log cabin , because it is more comfortable .	Correct
I would prefer to stay in a log cabin , because it is more comfortable .	Incorrect
I like to relax there and enjoy the atmosphere when I live in .	Correct
I would like to relax there and enjoy the atmosphere in which I will be living .	Incorrect
Before I came England , I swam every weekend in my country even in winter , so I choose to do some swimming and sailing while I am at the camp .	Correct
Before I came to England , I swam every weekend in my country , even in winter , so I choose to do some swimming and sailing while I am at the camp .	Incorrect
Actually , my mind has already gone there , I ca n't wait even for a minute .	Correct
Actually , my mind has already gone there . I ca n't wait even for a minute .	Incorrect
By the way , I would like to know the shopping especially for clothes , I want to buy some for myself .	Correct
By the way , I would like to know about the shopping , especially for clothes . I want to buy some for myself .	Incorrect
Lots of student normally have classes in the morning .	Correct
Lots of students normally have classes in the morning .	Incorrect
And sometimes they do something in the library by themselves in the afteroon .	Correct
And sometimes they do something in the library by themselves in the afternoon .	Incorrect
For instance , reading , looking for some information or using computer .	Correct
For instance , reading , looking for some information or using the computer .	Incorrect
Moreover , some foreign students hope there will be some English classes that aim to the examination .	Correct
Moreover , some foreign students hope there will be some English classes that focus on the examination .	Incorrect
Open some foreign language classes at part - time for the students who is interested in it .	Correct
Start some part - time foreign language classes for the students who are interested in them .	Incorrect
Let foreign students do more excises about English to help them pass the exam .	Correct
Let foreign students do more exercises about English to help them pass the exam .	Incorrect
Using the equipment and area what we have to organise some activities .	Correct
Use the equipment and space that we have to organise some activities .	Incorrect
I am writting to thank you for your letter confirming the first prize that I won in your competition .	Correct
I am writing to thank you for your letter confirming that I won the first prize in your competition .	Incorrect
I would like also with the present to give you some information about me in order to arrange the details for the trip .	Correct
I would also like to give you some information about me in order to arrange the details for the trip .	Incorrect
First of all , I would like to inform you that I will be able to travel only during July because in June I am going to give examinations for the First Certificate in English .	Correct
First of all , I would like to inform you that I will be able to travel only during July because in June I am going to sit examinations for the First Certificate in English .	Incorrect
Furthermore , in August I will be preparing for my course at the University which I am starting next September .	Correct
Furthermore , in August I will be preparing for my course at the university where I am starting next September .	Incorrect
Secondly , I would be grateful if you could arrange for me accomodation in log cabins as I am not used on living in the countryside and especially in tents .	Correct
Secondly , I would be grateful if you could arrange accommodation for me in log cabins as I am not used to staying in the countryside and especially not in tents .	Incorrect
In addition , I would like to inform you that I prefer to do Surfing and Sailing while I will be at the Camp , as I am an active member of Sailing and Surfing Club of Manchester and it will be a great chance for me to practise my techniques and skills .	Correct
In addition , I would like to inform you that I would prefer to do Surfing and Sailing while I am at the camp , as I am an active member of the Sailing and Surfing Club of Manchester and it will be a great chance for me to practise my techniques and skills .	Incorrect
I would be also grateful if you could send me information about the average living cost at California as I have to arrange the amount of money that I am going to spend , and some advice about the clothes that I need .	Correct
I would also be grateful if you could send me information about the average cost of living in California , as I have to work out the amount of money that I am going to spend , and some advice about the clothes that I need .	Incorrect
I would like also to specify if the food is including in the prize .	Correct
I would also like you to specify if the food is included in the prize .	Incorrect
As requested , I visited some classes during the lesson and some other rooms while activities were taking place .	Correct
As requested , I visited some classes during lessons and some other rooms while activities were taking place .	Incorrect
The aim of this report is make a series of suggestions on which lessons and other activities should be filmed .	Correct
The aim of this report is to make a series of suggestions on which lessons and other activities should be filmed .	Incorrect
It 's seems to me that it will be an extremely good advertisement for our school if you take plans from the lesson of Chemistry in the laboratory , because our laboratory is new , recognised as one of the best in the area as it has a huge amount of instruments and really some very good professors , and also many experiments are taking place in this laboratory	Correct
It seems to me that it will be an extremely good advertisement for our school if you take plans from the chemistry lesson in the laboratory , because our laboratory is new , recognised as one of the best in the area as it has a huge amount of equipment and really some very good teachers , and also many experiments are taking place in this laboratory .	Incorrect
Furthermore , I think it will be a good idea to take plans from a match of our school team in the football field as it is completely new and full equiped .	Correct
Furthermore , I think it will be a good idea to take plans from a match of our school team on the football pitch as it is completely new and fully equipped .	Incorrect
In addition , I think you have to take also plans from the school 's Nursery as there are a lot of facilities for the children , and the parents can recognise that the teachers are very good .	Correct
In addition , I think you also have to take plans from the school 's nursery as there are a lot of facilities for the children , and the parents can see that the teachers are very good .	Incorrect
I think also that will be a good idea to take some general plans of the school area as there is a huge background .	Correct
I also think that it will be a good idea to take some general plans of the school area as there is a huge background .	Incorrect
In conclusion , I have to declare that my myself and my fellow students will be available to help to this short video by all means .	Correct
In conclusion , I have to declare that I and my fellow students will be available to help with this short video by all means .	Incorrect
I am delightful to receive your letter saying that I have won a two - week holiday in your recent competition and it will all paid in advance .	Correct
I am delighted to receive your letter saying that I have won a two - week holiday in your recent competition and it will all be paid for in advance .	Incorrect
I am writing this letter so as to give you the information which will help you organize all the necessary details of the forthcoming holiday .	Correct
I am writing this letter so as to give you the information which will help you to organize all the necessary details of the forthcoming holiday .	Incorrect
I would be grateful if you could arrange a date after the 20th of July , due to the problems beyond my control .	Correct
I would be grateful if you could arrange a date after the 20th of July , due to problems beyond my control .	Incorrect
I would rather stay in one of the log cabins as I am allergic to many plants and insects and I should avoid contacting them .	Correct
I would rather stay in one of the log cabins as I am allergic to many plants and insects and I should avoid coming into contact with them .	Incorrect
As I am very interested in photography and swimming I am hoping to take part in them .	Correct
As I am very interested in photography and swimming I am hoping to take part in those activities .	Incorrect
I came second last year 's swimming competition and I have enrolled photography classes .	Correct
I came second in last year 's swimming competition and I have enrolled in photography classes .	Incorrect
In the camp I can practise them alot .	Correct
On the camp I can practise them a lot .	Incorrect
Could you please let me know as soon as you receive my letter .	Correct
Could you please let me know as soon as you receive my letter ?	Incorrect
But I finally got around writing and you 'll see that it 's definetly worth waiting as I have some great and unbeliavable news to tell you .	Correct
But I have finally got around to writing and you 'll see that it 's definitely been worth waiting for as I have some great and unbelievable news to tell you .	Incorrect
As you know I 'm on half - term school holiday and have plenty of time to do much more different things apart from studying my A - level history , such as meeting up my friends , visiting interesting places or even going to the cinema on my own .	Correct
As you know I 'm on half - term school holiday and have plenty of time to do many more things apart from studying my A - level history , such as meeting up with my friends , visiting interesting places or even going to the cinema on my own .	Incorrect
However this term has been a far cry from the others .	Correct
However , this term has been a far cry from the others .	Incorrect
You will see why I 'm describing it as the most unforgettible one when you read through my letter .	Correct
You will see why I 'm describing it as the most unforgettable one when you read through my letter .	Incorrect
Couple of days ago I bumped into my best friend who is into music and we started to have a chat about what we had both been doing .	Correct
A couple of days ago I bumped into my best friend , who is into music , and we started to have a chat about what we had both been doing .	Incorrect
She invited me to the rehearsal of a huge consert whose singer was a well - known pop star as well as my favorite .	Correct
She invited me to the rehearsal of a huge concert by a singer who is a well - known pop star as well as my favourite .	Incorrect
Can you believe that I was introduced to him and I took numerous photographs some of which I put in the envelope .	Correct
Can you believe that I was introduced to him and I took numerous photographs , some of which I put in the envelope .	Incorrect
Despite the fact that I felt exhausted I must admit that it was one of the days I will never forget througout my life	Correct
Despite the fact that I felt exhausted I must admit that it was one of the days I will never forget throughout my whole life	Incorrect
write me soon .	Correct
Write to me soon .	Incorrect
The trip that you planned for us , students , it 's a great chance to meet new people and visit a beautiful city like London .	Correct
The trip that you have planned for us students is a great chance to meet new people and visit a beautiful city .	Incorrect
Your programme is excellent because it tries to offer to the students the best way to spend our time without wasting time in silly places or events .	Correct
Your programme is excellent because it tries to offer the students the best way to spend their time without wasting time with silly places or events .	Incorrect
We 'd like to thank you because the kind of happening shows how you are dedicated with our school and the students that study there .	Correct
We 'd like to thank you because this kind of event shows how dedicated you are to our school and the students that study there .	Incorrect
It 's great to visit especially the Science Museum because of its expositions .	Correct
It 's especially great to visit the Science Museum , because of its exhibitions .	Incorrect
The London fashion and Leisure Show will start on Tuesday .	Correct
The London Fashion and Leisure Show will start on Tuesday .	Incorrect
It 's a great opportunity for us because there will be expositions of the latest fashions , of the new hairstyles , of the new leisure and sports clothes and people teaching how to make up .	Correct
It 's a great opportunity for us because there will be exhibitions of the latest fashions , of the new hairstyles , and of the new leisure and sports clothes and people teaching how to apply make - up .	Incorrect
By this way , the leisure time would be on Tuesday and we would be able to go to the London Fashion .	Correct
In this way , the leisure time would be on Tuesday and we would be able to go to the London Fashion Show .	Incorrect
Thanks for the attention and we 're waiting for your answer .	Correct
Thanks for your attention and we 're waiting for your answer .	Incorrect
Yours faithfully ,	Correct
Yours sincerely ,	Incorrect
Famous People x Media	Correct
Famous People & the Media	Incorrect
Famous people are special for the rest of the society .	Correct
Famous people are special in the eyes of the rest of society .	Incorrect
Nowadays , the media is expanding its ways of communication so they need more information . The media is starting to get into the private life of these famous people .	Correct
Nowadays , the media is expanding its means of communication so they need more information . The media is starting to encroach into the private life of these famous people .	Incorrect
It 's important to respect other people lives because it can cause serious problems in the family of the person or in his life .	Correct
It 's important to respect other people 's lives because it can cause serious problems for the family of the person or in his life .	Incorrect
If the famous person does n't mind in being filmed in his personal life there 's no problem .	Correct
If the famous person does n't mind being filmed in his personal life there 's no problem .	Incorrect
But if the politicians or the film stars ask for privacity the media has to respect .	Correct
But if the politicians or the film stars ask for privacy the media has to respect that .	Incorrect
Everybody likes to be with your family without any reporter or photographer .	Correct
Everybody likes to be with their family without any reporter or photographer hanging around .	Incorrect
In summary , the best thing to do is try to extract from these people their best qualities and not try to find things that could irritate them like familiar problems or personal problems .	Correct
In summary , the best thing to do is try to extract from these people their best qualities and not try to find things that could irritate them like family problems or personal problems .	Incorrect
The respect is essential .	Correct
Respect is essential .	Incorrect
They deserve to have a private life like any common person .	Correct
They deserve to have a private life like any ordinary person .	Incorrect
Dear Mr / Mss	Correct
Dear Sir / Madam	Incorrect
I 'm writing you in complain about musical show , that I have visited last evening .	Correct
I 'm writing to you to complain about the musical show that I went to last evening .	Incorrect
I had a week holiday in London , so I wanted to spend my last evening with great pleasure , however it was the worse evening in my life .	Correct
I had a week 's holiday in London , so I wanted to spend my last evening with great pleasure , however it was the worst evening in my life .	Incorrect
Second , the show started at 20:15 , althoug I read that it started at 19:30 !	Correct
Second , the show started at 20:15 , although I read that it would start at 19:30 !	Incorrect
More over after watching a show I wanted to visit your theatre restaurant , but it was closed , it really disappointed me .	Correct
Moreover , after watching the show I wanted to visit your theatre restaurant , but it was closed , it really disappointed me .	Incorrect
Yours faithfuly	Correct
Yours faithfully	Incorrect
How has modern techology changed my daily life .	Correct
How has modern technology changed my daily life ?	Incorrect
Fifty years ago people even did n't think that after 2000 years they would have another life .	Correct
Fifty years ago people did n't even think that after 2000 years they would have another life .	Incorrect
When Thomas Adison invented an electric light , it was the greatest invention for people of that centure .	Correct
When Thomas Adison invented electric light , it was the greatest invention for people of that century .	Incorrect
And nowadays modern technology can change all our life .	Correct
And nowadays modern technology can change all our lives .	Incorrect
I mean , almost everyone has now a car , a computer , a mobil phone and even an airplane .	Correct
I mean , almost everyone now has a car , a computer , a mobile phone and even an airplane .	Incorrect
First of all now I can phone my friends and parents from every place , I can chat with other foreign teenagers with the help of the internet .	Correct
First of all , now I can phone my friends and parents from every place , I can chat with other foreign teenagers with the help of the Internet .	Incorrect
Second modern technology helps me in the kitchen .	Correct
Second , modern technology helps me in the kitchen .	Incorrect
Coocking became faster with the help of the microwave .	Correct
Cooking has become faster with the help of the microwave .	Incorrect
What is more Modern technology prevents different illnesses .	Correct
What is more , modern technology prevents different illnesses .	Incorrect
Further more , yesterday I 've heard that every man could fly to the space without any experience , it is great , from my point of view in 2050 year everybody will fly to the space .	Correct
Furthermore , yesterday I heard that every man could fly into space without any experience , it is great , from my point of view , that in the year 2050 everybody will fly into space .	Incorrect
On the other hand people can atrophided of all this inventions .	Correct
On the other hand , people can atrophided of all these inventions .	Incorrect
He become lazy because they know that they can seat on the sofa and turn the chances on the TV by pressing a boton .	Correct
They become lazy because they know that they can sit on the sofa and change the channels on the TV by pressing a button .	Incorrect
In conclusion I want to say that inspite of this , I hope that in future we will have more and more new inventions and they will stop our disasters and problems .	Correct
In conclusion , I want to say that in spite of this , I hope that in future we will have more and more new inventions and they will prevent our disasters and problems .	Incorrect
First of all I would like to thank you for the good programme you organised for our trip to London .	Correct
First of all I would like to thank you for the good programme you have organised for our trip to London .	Incorrect
Especially the sightseeing by bus seems to be very interesting .	Correct
The sightseeing by bus , in particular , seems to be very interesting .	Incorrect
But we would like to suggest you something : There is a trendy event about the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear ; make up and hairstyles on the 14th of March .	Correct
But we would like to suggest something to you : there is a trendy event about the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make - up and hairstyles , on the 14th of March .	Incorrect
It is called , , The London Fashion and Leisure Show . "	Correct
It is called " The London Fashion and Leisure Show . "	Incorrect
This would be a great opportunity because we are all intrested in clothes , sports and fashion .	Correct
This would be a great opportunity for us because we are all interested in clothes , sports and fashion .	Incorrect
I have almost forgotten to mention that it is free for students !	Correct
I almost forgot to mention that it is free for students !	Incorrect
Unfortunately we realised that on the 14th we will already visit the Science Museum .	Correct
Unfortunately we have noticed that on the 14th we are already visiting the Science Museum .	Incorrect
Our question now : Could we go to this show ?	Correct
Our question now is : could we go to this show ?	Incorrect
We all prefer the show , free time is not so important for us .	Correct
We would all prefer to go to the show ; free time is not so important for us .	Incorrect
Yours faithfully	Correct
Yours sincerely	Incorrect
Therefore I read Agatha Christie 's , , Best Detective Stories of Agatha Christie " .	Correct
Therefore I read Agatha Christie 's " Best Detective Stories of Agatha Christie " .	Incorrect
I can really recommend you this book , it is fabulous .	Correct
I can really recommend this book to you . It is fabulous .	Incorrect
One story is about ten persons who stay together in a hotel on a lonely island .	Correct
One story is about ten people who stay together in a hotel on a lonely island .	Incorrect
Suddenly a murderer happens !	Correct
Suddenly a murder takes place !	Incorrect
There is also Hercule Poirot , the famous detective and he finally solves the mistery .	Correct
There is also Hercule Poirot , the famous detective , and he finally solves the mystery .	Incorrect
But I will not tell you more .	Correct
But I will not tell you any more .	Incorrect
Thank you for telling me that I have won the first prize and now I am writing to tell you the information you have requested .	Correct
Thank you for telling me that I have won the first prize and now I am writing to give you the information you have requested .	Incorrect
First of all , I think I would like to travel in July , which will be the only month for me to go .	Correct
First of all , I think I would like to travel in July , which will be the only month when I will be able to go .	Incorrect
I think sleeping in a tent is funnier than others .	Correct
I think sleeping in a tent is more fun than other .	Incorrect
However , during my stay at Camp , there are two activities I can choose , one of them I will choose Basketball because it is the sport I play most , I and my friend used to win the first place in school - wide match when we was in school .	Correct
Also , during my stay at Camp , there are two activities I can choose . For one of them I will choose Basketball because it is the sport I play most . I and my friend used to win the first place in the school - wide match when we were at school .	Incorrect
And the other one , I think painting will be a good idea ; Painting is one of my hobbies and I 've been learning it since I was 5 years old and now I 'm still doing it once I have free time .	Correct
And for the other one , I think painting will be a good idea ; painting is one of my hobbies and I 've been studying it since I was 5 years old and now I 'm still doing it when I have some free time .	Incorrect
Above are all the information you asked , however , here are something I 'd like to know ; first is about the clothes , what kind of clothes I need to take with ?	Correct
Above is all the information you asked for . However , there are some things I 'd like to know ; the first is about the clothes . What kind of clothes do I need to take with me ?	Incorrect
And another question is what is the prices of things like in there , so that I can make a better buget of my trip .	Correct
And another question is what are the prices of things like there , which I want to know so that I can make a better budget for my trip .	Incorrect
Look forward to hearing from you .	Correct
I look forward to hearing from you .	Incorrect
Thanks for your last letter ; I knew you would interested at my experience of helping the pop concert last time , now I tell you about it .	Correct
Thanks for your last letter ; I knew you would be interested in my experience of helping at the pop concert last time . Now I will tell you about it .	Incorrect
The place we worked was a football pitch ; we spent 3 days on setting up the stage , the equitment , and the lights .	Correct
The place where we worked was a football pitch ; we spent 3 days setting up the stage , the equipment , and the lights .	Incorrect
In fact , there is nothing very important I did , because we are not the right people to do it .	Correct
In fact , there was nothing very important I did , because we were not the right people to do it .	Incorrect
I only put the speakers in the right places , or helping engieners tested the lights .	Correct
I only put the speakers in the right places , or helped the engineers test the lights .	Incorrect
But at the brakes and after work , I had a chance to talk with the engieners , and I leant something about setting up the equitment .	Correct
But in the breaks and after work , I had a chance to talk with the engineers , and I learnt something about setting up the equipment .	Incorrect
The fourth day , the singers and the players have been to there to test .	Correct
The fourth day , the singers and the musicians were there to test .	Incorrect
From that , I learnt more about instruments .	Correct
From that , I learnt more about the instruments .	Incorrect
Finally , the date of concer came .	Correct
Finally , the day of the concert came .	Incorrect
After the concer finished successfully , I was happier than ever because the succeed inclueded my work and that was the most enjoyable moment in my life .	Correct
After the concert finished successfully , I was happier than ever because the success included my work and that was the most enjoyable moment in my life .	Incorrect
Regarding your advertisement , it is the LONDON 'S NEWEST AND BEST MUSICAL SHOW , but I was deeply disappointed at it .	Correct
According to your advertisement , it is LONDON 'S NEWEST AND BEST MUSICAL SHOW , but I was deeply disappointed with it .	Incorrect
According to your advertisement , the starrings were DANNY BROOK AND TINA TRUELOVE .	Correct
According to your advertisement , the stars were DANNY BROOK AND TINA TRUELOVE .	Incorrect
I decided to go to see this show because of its starrings , but at the day I saw it , a different actor played .	Correct
I decided to go to see this show because of its stars , but on the day I saw it , a different actor performed .	Incorrect
Moreover there was no discount ticket .	Correct
Moreover there were no discount tickets .	Incorrect
You should have said they were very few .	Correct
You should have said there were very few .	Incorrect
It started at 20:15 , fourty five minutes later !	Correct
It started at 20:15 , forty - five minutes late !	Incorrect
That 's why I could n't have a dinner at the theatre restaurant after the show .	Correct
That 's why I could n't have dinner at the theatre restaurant after the show .	Incorrect
It had already closed , when the show finished .	Correct
It had already closed when the show finished .	Incorrect
Could you give me a satisfactory reply as soon as possible .	Correct
Could you give me a satisfactory reply as soon as possible ?	Incorrect
Especially , a computer has made my daily life change dramatically .	Correct
In particular , the computer has changed my daily life dramatically .	Incorrect
It is only two or three years since I have used a computer at home , but now I wonder how I can live without it .	Correct
It is only two or three years since I started using a computer at home , but now I wonder how I could live without one .	Incorrect
I open my e - mail box every night .	Correct
I open my mailbox every night .	Incorrect
Before using e - mail , I used to write letters and sometime telephon .	Correct
Before using e - mail , I used to write letters and sometimes used the telephone .	Incorrect
However I 've found e - mail is better than them .	Correct
However , I 've found e - mail is better than those means of communication .	Incorrect
Because as soon as I send my message , they can receive it .	Correct
Because as soon as I send my message , they receive it .	Incorrect
In the other word , I can also receive their reply soon .	Correct
In other words , I can also receive their reply quickly .	Incorrect
It 's really useful , when I need quick reply .	Correct
It 's really useful when I need a quick reply .	Incorrect
Overmore when I send e - mail , I need not worry about the time .	Correct
Moreover when I send e - mail , I do n't need to worry about the time .	Incorrect
Thanks to modern technology , I enjoy chatting with my friend in other countries and my family in Japan almost every day .	Correct
Thanks to modern technology , I enjoy chatting with my friends in other countries and my family in Japan almost every day .	Incorrect
I am writing to complain about the show , " Over the Rainbow " which I saw in your theatre last week .	Correct
I am writing to complain about the show , " Over the Rainbow " , which I saw in your theatre last week .	Incorrect
Secondally the show started late and I had to wait for 45 minutes without doing anything .	Correct
Secondly the show started late and I had to wait for 45 minutes doing nothing .	Incorrect
I also thought that there should have been discounts for students , which in fact was not available and I had to pay for normal price .	Correct
I also thought that there should have been discounts for students , which in fact were not available and I had to pay the normal price .	Incorrect
Furthur more , the restaurant in the theatre was closed after the show because of the delay .	Correct
Furthermore , the restaurant in the theatre was closed after the show because of the delay .	Incorrect
I had to go home without eating a dinner , though I was really hungry .	Correct
I had to go home without eating dinner , though I was really hungry .	Incorrect
If I had known all of them , I would have changed my plan and could have a better time .	Correct
If I had known all of them , I would have changed my plan and could have had a better time .	Incorrect
I strongly suggest you should give us right information .	Correct
I strongly suggest you give us the right information .	Incorrect
I also would like to claim some refund for the evening .	Correct
I would also like to claim a refund for the evening .	Incorrect
If you compare the fashion now with that of 100 years ago , you 'll notice that there are incredably big difference between them .	Correct
If you compare the fashion now with that of 100 years ago , you 'll notice that there are incredibly big differences between them .	Incorrect
But in which way ?	Correct
But in what way ?	Incorrect
For example , they 'll wear a cloth which protect themselves from air pollution , sunshine etc .	Correct
For example , they 'll wear clothing which protects them from air pollution , sunshine etc .	Incorrect
Imagine that all the people have masks on their mouthes and noses like we have sun - glasses , and that all the masks are designers brands , which are made of special material to prevent us from breathing in polluted air .	Correct
Imagine that all the people have masks on their mouths and noses like we have sun - glasses , and that all the masks are designer brands , which are made of a special material to prevent us from breathing in polluted air .	Incorrect
It 's like a joke , but a bit scarely .	Correct
It 's like a joke , but a bit scary .	Incorrect
Imagine that all the people have hats with big edges to protect their faces from sun - burn , and it 's the most trendy fashion of the year !	Correct
Imagine that all the people have hats with broad brims to protect their faces from the sun , and it 's the trendiest fashion of the year !	Incorrect
I recently had a holiday in London and had been to your musical show ' Over the Rainbow ' but found it very disappointing .	Correct
I recently had a holiday in London and went to your musical show ' Over the Rainbow ' but found it very disappointing .	Incorrect
It is said that the singers are Danny Brook and Tina Truelove in the advertisement .	Correct
It said in the advertisement that the singers are Danny Brook and Tina Truelove .	Incorrect
However , there was a different unknown actor in that .	Correct
However , there was a different , unknown actor in that .	Incorrect
The show started later at 20:15 which was very different in ' 19.30 ' as shown .	Correct
The show started late , at 20:15 , which was very different from ' 19.30 ' as shown .	Incorrect
There was no discount at all which is in contrast with ' Discounts Availabe ' .	Correct
There was no discount at all , which was in contrast with ' Discounts Available ' .	Incorrect
After the show , I wanted to have something in the theatre restaurant and found it was closed because of no reason .	Correct
After the show , I wanted to have something in the theatre restaurant and found it was closed for no reason .	Incorrect
The real show on it owns is really very different to what are mentioned in the advertisement .	Correct
The real show is really very different to what is described in the advertisement .	Incorrect
The fashion of nowaday clothings is just keep on changing .	Correct
The fashion in nowaday clothing just keeps on changing .	Incorrect
Although some may appears again after few years different styles are developed .	Correct
Although some may appear again after a few years , different styles are developed .	Incorrect
For the fashion of the future , I think it depends on the people 's own personalities and develope their own styles which suits them the most .	Correct
Concerning the fashion of the future , I think it depends on people 's personalities and they develop their own styles which suit them the most .	Incorrect
They can wear different kinds of clothing , like they design for themselves or those like history can wear those of victorian time and in different countries .	Correct
They can wear different kinds of clothing , like they design for themselves or those like history can wear those of Victorian times and in different countries .	Incorrect
For the colours , I think the metalic colours , especially silver , will be the most popular .	Correct
As for the colours , I think metallic colours , especially silver , will be the most popular .	Incorrect
As different kinds of farbics will be invented & the clothings will never be just cotton as always been seen .	Correct
As different kinds of fabrics will be invented and the clothings will never be just cotton as always been seen .	Incorrect
Maybe paper can also be a farbic use for make clothings and for those who like to wear new clothes everyday .	Correct
Maybe paper can also be a fabric used to make clothing and for those who like to wear new clothes every day .	Incorrect
They can be thrown away after wearing it and light enough to be carried around whenever you want to change your wearing .	Correct
They can be thrown away after wearing them and are light enough to be carried around whenever you want to change what you 're wearing .	Incorrect
Dear Mrs. Ryan .	Correct
Dear Mrs. Ryan ,	Incorrect
First of all , I would like to say that the only month available from me to travel is July .	Correct
First of all , I would like to say that the only month available for me to travel is July .	Incorrect
I finish my classes on the 25th of June and August is for going with my parents to France .	Correct
I finish my classes on the 25th of June and August is reserved for going with my parents to France .	Incorrect
This has been scheduled 3 months ago .	Correct
This was scheduled 3 months ago .	Incorrect
About accommodation , I would prefer the log cabins because I think they are more cleaner than the tents .	Correct
About accommodation , I would prefer the log cabins because I think they are cleaner than the tents .	Incorrect
While I 'm stayin there I would like to practise tennis and basketball , as I have been playing both sports all my life , and I have to say that I am very good at both .	Correct
While I 'm staying there I would like to practise tennis and basketball , as I have been playing both sports all my life , and I have to say that I am very good at both .	Incorrect
For men , sometimes is hard to go shopping with their partners .	Correct
For men , sometimes it is hard to go shopping with their partners .	Incorrect
The Sports Shop .	Correct
The sports shop .	Incorrect
You can not lose the time because all the other shops could be closed when you arrive .	Correct
You can not waste time because all the other shops could be closed when you arrive .	Incorrect
And that is allways what we want .	Correct
And that is always what we want .	Incorrect
Another point is to go a big area .	Correct
Another point is to go to a big area .	Incorrect
Specially week - ends .	Correct
Specially at weekends .	Incorrect
People should have to take a license to drive those things .	Correct
People should have to get a licence to drive those things .	Incorrect
A huge que that lasts half an hour or more and finishes with you completely freaked out .	Correct
A huge queue that lasts half an hour or more and finishes with you completely freaked out .	Incorrect
In conclusion , for me to go shopping is not enjoyable at all .	Correct
In conclusion , for me , to go shopping is not enjoyable at all .	Incorrect
I 'm writing to you inform you about the dissapointing evening I had when I went to your theather to see the play called " OVER THE RAINBOW " .	Correct
I 'm writing to you inform you about the disappointing evening I had when I went to your theatre to see the play called " OVER THE RAINBOW " .	Incorrect
According to the advertisement you gave , there have been some important differents .	Correct
According to the advertisement you published , there should have been some important differences to the production I saw .	Incorrect
Secondly , in the advertisement the discounts are available but in the tickets I bought they were no discount .	Correct
Secondly , in the advertisement it said that discounts were available but there was no discount on the tickets I bought .	Incorrect
Furthermore , I had planned to have a great dinner with my family in your restaurant and it was closed because the people who work in were on holidays .	Correct
Furthermore , I had planned to have a great dinner with my family in your restaurant and it was closed because the people who work there were on holiday .	Incorrect
In addition to this , I have to tell you that it was the most horrible evening I had out and because of this I want to ask you if you could send me a refound of a part of the money I wasted there .	Correct
In addition to this , I have to tell you that it was the most horrible evening I have had and because of this I want to ask you if you could send me a refund for part of the money I wasted there .	Incorrect
I would be grateful if you do it .	Correct
I would be grateful if you could do that .	Incorrect
Finally , I want to tell you that it is not useful for you and your theather to cheat to your customers . If you do it , there will be no bussiness for you and no satisfaction for them .	Correct
Finally , I want to tell you that it is not useful for you and your theatre to cheat your customers . If you do that , there will be no business for you and no satisfaction for them .	Incorrect
I look fordwad to hearing from you	Correct
I look forward to hearing from you	Incorrect
Your sincerely ,	Correct
Yours sincerely ,	Incorrect
How has modern technology change my daily life ?	Correct
How has modern technology changed my daily life ?	Incorrect
It affects everyone who live in this planet and every activity made in it .	Correct
It affects everyone who lives on this planet and every activity done on it .	Incorrect
In this case we are going to focus on me .	Correct
In this instance we are going to focus on me :	Incorrect
Emilio Almodar , 18 years old , University Student , and the career I have choosen is Internacional Commerce or Market .	Correct
Emilio Almodar , 18 years old , University Student , and the career I have chosen is in International Commerce or Market .	Incorrect
I use technology every moment but I did not realise .	Correct
I use technology every minute but I did not realise .	Incorrect
For example , when I come back home from university and I call my friends , I am using it because at home we have very modern phones and fax and almost everybody in my family has a cellular phone and thing like that .	Correct
For example , when I come back home from university and I call my friends , I am using it because at home we have very modern phones and a fax machine and almost everybody in my family has a cellular phone and things like that .	Incorrect
We also have five computer , the latest versions of them , because they are useful for my father to work and for me to do some special works for University .	Correct
We also have five computers , the latest models , because they are useful for my father to work on and for me to do some special projects for University .	Incorrect
This machines are connected to Internet , and it gives to my family too much facility to get every information we want , from how to prepare son drink to what was the result of the Sunday 's football match .	Correct
These machines are connected to the Internet , and that gives my family too much access to all the information we want , from how to prepare a drink to what was the result of Sunday 's football match .	Incorrect
In addition to this we use the net to comunicate with some friends we have in U.S.A. It 's really amazing .	Correct
In addition to this we use the net to communicate with some friends we have in the U.S.A. It 's really amazing .	Incorrect
Apart from this , I do n't spent my free time in technology .	Correct
Apart from this , I do n't spent my free time using technology .	Incorrect
I prefer playing rugby and going out with friends , because technology is not all life , but it is only a little part of it .	Correct
I prefer playing rugby and going out with friends , because technology is not all of life , but it is only a little part of it .	Incorrect
First day in London , I saw your advertisement which was very interesting to me .	Correct
On my first day in London , I saw your advertisement which was very interesting to me .	Incorrect
But I was really disappointed it .	Correct
But I was really disappointed by it .	Incorrect
Also , it was certain to me to bought a discount tickets cause I am a student .	Correct
Also , it was certain for me to be able to buy a discount ticket because I am a student .	Incorrect
But , it was not availiable .	Correct
But , it was not possible .	Incorrect
Second , I went to the theatre exactly seven thirty in the evening .	Correct
Second , I went to the theatre at exactly seven thirty in the evening .	Incorrect
However the show started 45 minutes later .	Correct
However , the show started 45 minutes later .	Incorrect
I wasted time too much for waiting .	Correct
I wasted too much time waiting .	Incorrect
It was not good to me , cause I had only one week holiday in London .	Correct
It was not good for me , because I had only one weeks holiday in London .	Incorrect
Moreover the theatre restaurant was closed with the word " Stuff vacation " on the front door after the show .	Correct
Moreover , the theatre restaurant was closed with the word " Staff vacation " on the front door after the show .	Incorrect
It was absolutely different from your leaflet .	Correct
It was totally different from your leaflet .	Incorrect
Could you do me my half of money back .	Correct
Could you give me half of my money back ?	Incorrect
I think the people will wear convenient clothes with simple design in the future .	Correct
I think the people will wear convenient clothes with a simple design in the future .	Incorrect
And they will use soft cozy cloths like cotton and silk .	Correct
And they will use soft cozy fabrics like cotton and silk .	Incorrect
However , if they have some special day when like important public day or special day of their life , they will wear very different kinds of clothes which was you never seen before .	Correct
However , if they have some special day like an important public day or special day of their life , they will wear very different kinds of clothes which you have never seen before .	Incorrect
Some of that will be very strange to our eyes , but some of others will be familiar to us .	Correct
Some of that will be very strange to our eyes , but some of the others will be familiar to us .	Incorrect
And they will use the most kinds of things like small stone to diamond etc .	Correct
And they will use most kinds of things like small stone to diamond etc .	Incorrect
Maybe some peoples are nakid .	Correct
Maybe some people will be naked .	Incorrect
Just imagine the way of future people 's life .	Correct
Just imagine the future people 's way of life .	Incorrect
And you can see the their clothes also .	Correct
And you can see their clothes also .	Incorrect
The only time that is possible for me to travel is July , because I am working for a bank and this is the only month I can go on holiday .	Correct
The only time that it is possible for me to travel is July , because I am working for a bank and this is the only month I can go on holiday .	Incorrect
For my stay in California I would prefer the accommodation in tents because this gives me a feeling of freedom and adventure and it is quite different to my live here in Greece .	Correct
For my stay in California I would prefer the accommodation in tents because this gives me a feeling of freedom and adventure and it is quite different to my life here in Greece .	Incorrect
The activities I would like mot to do are climbing and surfing .	Correct
The activities I would like to do most are climbing and surfing .	Incorrect
In my free time I have climbed a lot of mountains in the surrounding area so I can say , that I am quite good in climbing .	Correct
In my free time I have climbed a lot of mountains in the surrounding area so I can say that I am quite good at climbing .	Incorrect
But I have never ' surfed ' in my live , so that is an activity I have to learn .	Correct
But I have never ' surfed ' in my life , so that is an activity I have to learn .	Incorrect
Last but not least there are some things I would like to know : What kind of wheather do you have in California ?	Correct
Last but not least there are some things I would like to know : What kind of weather do you have in California ?	Incorrect
How much money Should I take with me ?	Correct
How much money should I take with me ?	Incorrect
And my last question : how many persons are going to stay in each tent .	Correct
And my last question : how many people are going to stay in each tent .	Incorrect
Yours sincerely	Correct
Yours sincerely ,	Incorrect
If you go to the centre of every big town you will see people walking from store to store searching for something to wear or to buy to eat .	Correct
If you go to the centre of any big town you will see people walking from store to store searching for something to wear or to buy to eat .	Incorrect
First of all because of the big variety in the store .	Correct
First of all because of the great variety in the store .	Incorrect
Very often you do n't know what to buy because we do n't have only three or four different sport shoes to choose from , not , we have to choose out of twenty or thirty such as Nike , adidas or Fila .	Correct
Very often you do n't know what to buy because we do n't have only three or four different sports shoes to choose from , no , we have to choose out of twenty or thirty such as Nike , Adidas or Fila .	Incorrect
Another cause is that shops and stores are often overcrowded .	Correct
Another problem is that shops and stores are often overcrowded .	Incorrect
And many people are in a hurry , so do n't wonder if other people have not tolerance and patience to wait and hit you with their shopping cars .	Correct
And many people are in a hurry , so do n't be surprised if other people do not have the tolerance and patience to wait and hit you with their shopping trolleys .	Incorrect
Of course there are a lot of other causes why shopping is n't always great fun , but the last cause , which is very important for me is that shopping is becoming more and more impersonal .	Correct
Of course there are a lot of other reasons why shopping is n't always great fun , but the last reason , which is very important for me , is that shopping is becoming more and more impersonal .	Incorrect
That means that there are more and more big supermarkets and big stores , where noone has time for you to show you or explain things to you such as what kind of bicycle is the best for me , no one to talk to and noone to complaine .	Correct
That means that there are more and more big supermarkets and big stores , where no one has time for you to help you or explain things to you such as what kind of bicycle is the best for you , no one to talk to and no one to complain to .	Incorrect
That is the most important reason why I only like to go shopping in little stores , where I have peace and quiet and very often nothing to complaine about .	Correct
That is the most important reason why I only like to go shopping in small stores , where I have peace and quiet and very often nothing to complain about .	Incorrect
I was writting as reply of your letter , I am glad to have won the first prize in your competition for two weeks at Camp California in the USA .	Correct
I am writing in reply to your letter . I am glad to have won the first prize in your competition for two weeks at Camp California in the USA .	Incorrect
About the information that you need , I must tell you that I will be able to travel only in July becase I got a new job and I ca n't ask for more than one month holidays each year and on the other months I will be very busy becase my workmates will take holidays on these months .	Correct
About the information that you need , I must tell you that I will be able to travel only in July because I have got a new job and I ca n't ask for more than one month of holidays each year and in the other months I will be very busy because my workmates will take holidays in these months .	Incorrect
With the accomodation , I would prefered tents becase it is more according with a camp .	Correct
Regarding the accommodation , I would prefer a tent because it is more appropriate to a camp .	Incorrect
And with the activities I must chose Photography and Painting becase I am not very good for sports and I think I am doing well in these things .	Correct
And regarding the activities , I must choose Photography and Painting because I am not very good at sports and I think I do well at these things .	Incorrect
Finally I just ask you What kind of clothes do I have to bring with me , and around How much money do you think I will need .	Correct
Finally I just want to ask you what kind of clothes I have to bring with me , and approximately how much money do you think I will need ?	Incorrect
Your Sincerely	Correct
Yours Sincerely	Incorrect
Here I am , writting you to tell everything about my wonderful experience at the concert .	Correct
Here I am , writing to you to tell you everything about my wonderful experience at the concert .	Incorrect
You ca n't imagine How much did I enjoy that journey .	Correct
You ca n't imagine how much I enjoyed that journey .	Incorrect
I started early in the morning helping to carry the stuff from the trucks to the place where the band played , I help with the music stuff like speakers , mics , lights , sound , etc .	Correct
I started early in the morning , helping to carry stuff from the trucks to the place where the band played . I helped with the musical stuff like speakers , mics , lights , sound equipment , etc .	Incorrect
And I was helping them fixing the last details .	Correct
And I helped them fix the last details .	Incorrect
When the concert started I was preparing some drinks for the band because when the concert finished they were very tired and tersty .	Correct
When the concert started , I was preparing some drinks for the band because after the concert they would be very tired and thirsty .	Incorrect
After the concert I only help with tidy up the place and made sure that everything was under control and clean .	Correct
After the concert I only helped tidy up the place and made sure that everything was under control and clean .	Incorrect
But the thing that particulary liked me was that I could do all kind of things just in one day and I could feel different emotions .	Correct
But the thing that I particularly liked was that I could do all kinds of things just in one day and I could feel different emotions .	Incorrect
So , that 's everything that I can tell you , I enjoy a lot and I hope to have another experience like this .	Correct
So , that 's everything that I can tell you . I enjoyed it a lot and I hope to have another experience like this .	Incorrect
It was a surprise to know that I won the first prize .	Correct
It was a surprise to learn that I won the first prize .	Incorrect
The reasons I am really writing , However , is to give you some details of my trip to California .	Correct
The reason I am really writing , however , is to give you some details about my trip to California .	Incorrect
In the letter you said that accommodation provided can be either tents or log cabins .	Correct
In the letter you said that the accommodation provided can be either a tent or a log cabin .	Incorrect
I would prefer to stay in tents so that I will have the chance to be in contact with the nature as well as the scenery around .	Correct
I would prefer to stay in a tent so that I will have the chance to be in contact with nature as well as the scenery around the camp .	Incorrect
Another thing I would like to choose from the activity list is singing ( because I take part in a chorus at school ) and photography .	Correct
The activities I would like to choose from the activity list are singing ( because I belong to a choir at school ) and photography .	Incorrect
I 'm really good taking pictures , it 's a way I have to express my feelings .	Correct
I 'm really good at taking pictures . It 's a way I have to express my feelings .	Incorrect
I wonder if you could send me more information about what kind of clothes have we bring .	Correct
I wonder if you could send me more information about what kind of clothes we have to bring .	Incorrect
What a surprise it was to get letter from you after all this time .	Correct
What a surprise it was to get a letter from you after all this time .	Incorrect
In order to celebrate the 125 aniversary of the city , the Coun Council organised an open air concert .	Correct
In order to celebrate the 125th anniversary of the city , the County Council organised an open air concert .	Incorrect
The pop band " Five " arrived into town and needed people to help with not only the organisation but also the stages and sound .	Correct
The pop band " Five " arrived in town and needed people to help with not only the organisation but also with building the stages and sound .	Incorrect
I could n't believe when he said : " O.K. if you want to help , here is a list of what you can do . "	Correct
I could n't believe it when he said : " O.K. , if you want to help , here is a list of what you can do . "	Incorrect
My job was to leave some leaflets on shops , restaurants and streets .	Correct
My job was to leave some leaflets in shops , restaurants and on the streets .	Incorrect
What I really enjoyed was been part of the staff .	Correct
What I really enjoyed was being part of the staff .	Incorrect
Although I was too nervious , I knew I could do the job well .	Correct
Although I was very nervous , I knew I could do the job well .	Incorrect
I 'd love to hear all your news , why do n't you come and visit me ?	Correct
I 'd love to hear all your news . Why do n't you come and visit me ?	Incorrect
Dear Mr or Madam ,	Correct
Dear Sir or Madam ,	Incorrect
I am writing to express my dissapointment about the play " over the rainbow " which is performing at Circle Theatre .	Correct
I am writing to express my disappointment with the play " over the rainbow " , which is showing at the Circle Theatre .	Incorrect
Surprisingly , he never appeared on the stage , during the play .	Correct
Surprisingly , he never appeared on the stage during the play .	Incorrect
Secondly , the show started one hour fifteen past after .	Correct
Secondly , the show started one hour and fifteen minutes late .	Incorrect
We arrived at the theatre in time and we had to wait all that time until the show began .	Correct
We arrived at the theatre on time and we had to wait all that time until the show began .	Incorrect
Finally , when I asked about the discounts , an agressive employee refused to answer me .	Correct
Finally , when I asked about the discounts , an aggressive employee refused to answer me .	Incorrect
The evening was a horrible surprise , completely different from the promise written in the advertisement .	Correct
The evening was a horrible surprise , completely different from what was promised in the advertisement .	Incorrect
Defineteley , I want my money back as soon as possible .	Correct
Definitely , I want my money back as soon as possible .	Incorrect
" I knew that but I would prefer to trust her so I told everything about Lynne Harter , our new collegue at school .	Correct
" I knew that but I would prefer to trust her so I told her everything about Lynne Harter , our new classmate at school .	Incorrect
Well , it was the beginning of my tragedy .	Correct
Well , that was the beginning of my tragedy .	Incorrect
So , I told Pat that Lynne was ugly , fat like a cow , and extremely agressive .	Correct
So , I told Pat that Lynne was ugly , fat like a cow , and extremely aggressive .	Incorrect
But I could n't shut my mouth , I continued : " You ca n't believe it Pat , she wears trousers like men and green flowery blouses " Of course , my friend and I were laughing during half an hour .	Correct
But I could n't shut my mouth . I continued : " You ca n't believe it , Pat , she wears trousers like a man and green flowery blouses . " Of course , my friend and I were laughing for half an hour .	Incorrect
Two days after , when Pat came back to my school and she met Mr Harter , our head teacher , she told everything about Ann1 .	Correct
Two days later , when Pat came back to my school , she met Mr Harter , our head teacher , she told him everything about Ann1 .	Incorrect
In that precisely moment I realized that I had forgotten to tell her that Ann was Mr Harter 's niece .	Correct
At precisely that moment I realized that I had forgotten to tell her that Ann was Mr Harter 's niece .	Incorrect
But , well , unhappiness started with Pat and my reveilled secrets .	Correct
But , well , the unhappiness started with Pat and my revealed secrets .	Incorrect
I 'm writing to complain for the musical show " Over the Rainbow " .	Correct
I 'm writing to complain about the musical show " Over the Rainbow " .	Incorrect
I 've been recently seeing in your theatre during my week 's holiday in London I must say I had a very disappointing evening ! I was sure this was the London 's newest and best musical show I had ever seen because of the good publicity you made in your advertisement , but I thought completely wrong !	Correct
I recently saw this in your theatre during my week 's holiday in London and I must say I had a very disappointing evening ! I was sure this was London 's newest and best musical show , the best I would ever see , because of the good publicity you gave yourself in your advertisement , but I thought completely wrong !	Incorrect
Firstly , the play started nearly an hour later as I expected !	Correct
Firstly , the play started nearly an hour later than I expected !	Incorrect
If the spectacle has been beautiful , I would have been quite pleased to wait .	Correct
If the show had been beautiful , I would have been quite happy to wait .	Incorrect
Then , I had read that there would have been discounts available , but it was n't true !	Correct
Then , I had read that there would be discounts available , but that was n't true !	Incorrect
So it 's better not to write anything if you do n't make it true then .	Correct
It 's better not to write anything if it is n't true .	Incorrect
Finally , I hoped that , after these incidents , I would enjoy myself , but there was another change of programme : starring !	Correct
Finally , I hoped that , after these incidents , I would enjoy myself , but there was another change to the programme : the star !	Incorrect
Finished the show , I went to your theatre restaurant , but it was closed and this hasn't been said before .	Correct
After the show , I went to your theatre restaurant , but it was closed and this had n't been said before .	Incorrect
Moreover , I was shocked by the reason for which it was closed : the chef went away after he received a phone call !	Correct
Moreover , I was shocked by the reason for which it had been closed : the chef left after he received a phone call !	Incorrect
For all these reason , I want to ask for my money back and I hope to hear from you soon !	Correct
For all these reasons , I want to ask for my money back and I hope to hear from you soon !	Incorrect
Organize better your shows and do not exagerate with publicity !	Correct
Organise your shows better and do not exaggerate with publicity !	Incorrect
There would be many things to say about .	Correct
There could be many things to say about this .	Incorrect
Technology is a wide field which increases very quickly .	Correct
Technology is a wide field which expands very quickly .	Incorrect
I 'm not sure if I must say technology has changed our life in positive or not .	Correct
I 'm not sure if I can say whether technology has changed our life in a positive way or not .	Incorrect
Nowadays , we make a phone call with an astonish rapidity , instead at my grandparents ' time it took one month or more to have contact with people abroad , because the only means of communication was the post and its service was very slow !	Correct
Nowadays , we can make a phone call with an astonishing rapidity , whereas in my grandparents ' time it took one month or more to get in contact with people abroad , because the only means of communication was the post and its service was very slow !	Incorrect
When appeared the first car , it was already a great success .	Correct
When the first car appeared , it was already a great success .	Incorrect
Fortunately today everyone can take an aeroplane and go to America , Australia or wherever else he wants !	Correct
Fortunately today everyone can take an aeroplane and go to America , Australia or wherever else they want !	Incorrect
What can I say about the television ?	Correct
What can I say about television ?	Incorrect
It allows us to keep connections with the other states of the world , improves our knowledge , offers us news , advises us about events which happened or will happen .	Correct
It allows us to maintain connections with the other states of the world , improves our knowledge , offers us news , advises us about events which have happened or will happen .	Incorrect
In the not very far 1914 , parent sent their sons in war and it was very difficult to know if they were still alive or dead !	Correct
In , the not very distant , 1914 , parents sent their sons to war and it was very difficult to know if they were still alive or dead !	Incorrect
Despite this , I 'm convinced all this progress caused some damages at the community , not only phisically .	Correct
Despite this , I 'm convinced all this progress has caused some damage to the community , not only physically .	Incorrect
We became passive people , we follow the same routine every day and we live in a society where rules are strongly fixed .	Correct
We have become passive people , we follow the same routine every day and we live in a society where rules are strongly fixed .	Incorrect
I think everyone should live his own life how he wants to live it and make him known for who he is , not for his money , but for his abilities , his good habits , his personality .	Correct
I think everyone should live his own life how he wants to live it and make himself known for who he is , not for his money , but for his abilities , his good habits , his personality .	Incorrect
Finally , everyone should decrease his own life 's rythm .	Correct
Finally , everyone should slow down his own life 's rhythm .	Incorrect
I was very excited with the idea of going to the theatre , but it did n't work out as I thought it will .	Correct
I was very excited at the idea of going to the theatre , but it did n't work out as I thought it would .	Incorrect
First of all the starring actors were supposed to be Danny Brook and Tina Truelove , Tina did act , but Danny Brook was replaced by an awful actor whose name I do n't recall .	Correct
First of all , the starring actors were supposed to be Danny Brook and Tina Truelove . Tina did act , but Danny Brook was replaced by an awful actor whose name I do n't recall .	Incorrect
Second of all , the play was suposed to start at 19:30 , but it started at 20:15 .	Correct
Second of all , the play was supposed to start at 19:30 , but it started at 20:15 .	Incorrect
I 'm not used to waste my time sitting on a chair waiting , I do have better things to do with it .	Correct
I 'm not used to wasting my time sitting on a chair waiting , I do have better things to do with it .	Incorrect
Another thing I want to complain about , is that your advertised that discounts were available , but there was n't any discount at all .	Correct
Another thing I want to complain about is that you advertised that discounts were available , but there was n't any discount at all .	Incorrect
To finish my " marvelous " evening , I wanted to eat at your restaurant , but it was closed and no reason was given .	Correct
To finish my " marvellous " evening , I wanted to eat at your restaurant , but it was closed and no reason was given .	Incorrect
Now you 've probably asking yourself what does it mean , well , now I 'm going to explain it to you .	Correct
Now you 're probably asking yourself what does that mean , well , now I 'm going to explain it to you .	Incorrect
I was having some family problems , so my marks were getting down and down .	Correct
I was having some family problems , so my marks were going down and down .	Incorrect
One day she looked me in the eyes with a sharp deep look , Never have I seen such a deep look : and asked me what was happening and I told her as I always used to .	Correct
One day she looked me in the eyes with a sharp , deep look , never have I seen such a deep look , and asked me what was happening and I told her as I always used to .	Incorrect
It consisted in stealing the school list from the computer , in other words , hack the school software .	Correct
It consisted in stealing the school list from the computer , in other words , hacking into the school software .	Incorrect
I thought it was a great idea , so I stole about ten tests we were planned to do .	Correct
I thought it was a great idea , so I stole about ten tests we were scheduled to do .	Incorrect
I was punished , nearly expelt , but Pat did n't receive any punishment .	Correct
I was punished , nearly expelled , but Pat did n't receive any punishment .	Incorrect
I never accused her of lying , and I you ask me why , I really do n't know .	Correct
I never accused her of lying , and if you ask me why , I really do n't know .	Incorrect
According to your advertisment I could have one but in reality there were no discounts at all .	Correct
According to your advertisement I could have one but in reality there were no discounts at all .	Incorrect
The show started t 20.15 instead of 19.30 .	Correct
The show started at 20.15 instead of 19.30 .	Incorrect
I had to wait in overcrowded hall .	Correct
I had to wait in the overcrowded hall .	Incorrect
When finally the show had started I found out that Danny Brook was replaced by another actor .	Correct
When the show finally started I found out that Danny Brook had been replaced by another actor .	Incorrect
One of the reasons for my visiting your show was Danny Brook 's participance .	Correct
One of the reasons for my visiting your show was Danny Brook 's participation .	Incorrect
To make matters worse the restaurant which was mentioned in your advertisment was closed .	Correct
To make matters worse , the restaurant which was mentioned in your advertisement was closed .	Incorrect
So I had n't such perfect evening , as was promised in your advertisment .	Correct
So I did n't have such a perfect evening as was promised in your advertisement .	Incorrect
In fact there were a lot of mistakes in your advertisment and I would be gratefull if you could give me back a part of my money .	Correct
In fact there were a lot of mistakes in your advertisement and I would be greatful if you could give me back a part of my money .	Incorrect
In my opinion , modern technologies play the important role in people 's life .	Correct
In my opinion , modern technologies play an important role in people 's lives .	Incorrect
I think that at present the most important technologies are computer and Internet technologies .	Correct
I think that at present the most important technologies are computer and internet technologies .	Incorrect
Both computer and Internet influence people 's life .	Correct
Both computers and the Internet influence people 's lives .	Incorrect
I have to use computer every day .	Correct
I have to use a computer every day .	Incorrect
It helps me in preparing my homeworks .	Correct
It helps me with preparing my homework .	Incorrect
Firs of all Internet gives you an access to a great number of different information .	Correct
First of all the Internet gives you access to a great number of different information .	Incorrect
On the one hand Internet is often used for entertaiment , but on the other hand it 's also used in different business and education process !	Correct
On the one hand , the Internet is often used for entertainment , but on the other hand it 's also used in different business and education processes .	Incorrect
With the help of Internet technologies I communicate with other people from all over the world it gives me chance to improve my English .	Correct
With the help of internet technologies I communicate with other people from all over the world it gives me the chance to improve my English .	Incorrect
From my point of view , Internet can be used in education , because it gives an opportunity to have distant relations between pupils and teachers .	Correct
In my view , the Internet can be used in education , because it gives an opportunity to have remote communication between pupils and teachers .	Incorrect
Though Internet has a lot of positive aspects I think you should be careful with it and not to be depended on it .	Correct
Though the Internet has a lot of positive aspects , I think you should be careful with it and not be dependent on it .	Incorrect
At the begining I would like to thank You for Your letter - it pleased me much .	Correct
At the beginning I would like to thank You for Your letter - it pleased me much .	Incorrect
If we are talking about accomodation then accomodation in tents would be great - I love being close to the nature .	Correct
If we are talking about accommodation then accommodation in tents would be great - I love being close to nature .	Incorrect
I would like You to know also about my two hobbys : swimming and surfing .	Correct
I would also like you to know about my two hobbies : swimming and surfing .	Incorrect
I am not telling about some kind of achivements in those discipines but It is my big pasion	Correct
I am not talking about some kind of achievements in those disciplines but they are my big passion	Incorrect
I hope to have a chance to practice both of theme at ' Camp California ' .	Correct
I hope to have a chance to practise both of them at ' Camp California ' .	Incorrect
There is also one thing that I would like to ask You about .	Correct
There is also one thing that I would like to ask you about .	Incorrect
Unconected part of every people lifes is shopping .	Correct
Unconnected part of all people 's lives is shopping .	Incorrect
We buy everything from clothes to food and the only thing that could stop us from this are money .	Correct
We buy everything from clothes to food and the only thing that could stop us from this is money .	Incorrect
As a teenager I must addmit that there is nothing more enjoyable from shopping .	Correct
As a teenager I must admit that there is nothing more enjoyable than shopping .	Incorrect
It 's like , , walking in the clouds , , you feel like flaing .	Correct
It 's like , , walking in the clouds , , you feel like you are flying .	Incorrect
Choosing gave me such big pleasure because I never have to worry from vere do I take money for my wishes .	Correct
Choosing gives me such great pleasure because I never have to worry about where I get money for my wishes .	Incorrect
All I ought to do is buy and choose .	Correct
All I have to do is buy and choose .	Incorrect
I think that , , having is a dream '' of all of us .	Correct
I think that , , having is a dream '' for all of us .	Incorrect
It 's hard for me even to emagine the situation when shopping is not enjoyable .	Correct
It 's hard for me even to imagine a situation when shopping is not enjoyable .	Incorrect
Probably it is one of the moments when you want something baddly and you ca n't have it .	Correct
Probably it is one of the moments when you want something badly and you ca n't have it .	Incorrect
Everybody know that , , present presents a problem '' You know your own task but what vith a task of the other person ?	Correct
Everybody knows that , , present presents a problem '' You know your own taste but what about the taste of the other person ?	Incorrect
However I ca n't agree with opinion that , , Shopping is not always enjoyable '' I think that everybody like to buy but not everybody like to see pleasure in it .	Correct
However I ca n't agree with the opinion that , , Shopping is not always enjoyable '' I think that everybody likes to buy but not everybody likes to take pleasure in it .	Incorrect
