I am sad to read about Richard not being at his best .	Correct
I am sad to read about Richard not being well .	Incorrect
As far as organisation is concerned , adequate number of double rooms with shower or bath have been booked for your group at the Palace hotel located across the main street from the train station .	Correct
As far as the organisation is concerned , an adequate number of double rooms with shower or bath have been booked for your group at the Palace Hotel , located across the main street from the train station .	Incorrect
To come to our college , you can either watch downhill to the lake front ( about 10 min ) or take the new cable car from the train station .	Correct
To come to our college , you can either walk downhill to the lakeside ( about 10 mins ) or take the new cable car from the train station .	Incorrect
The college is just stairs away from the bottom end .	Correct
The college is just steps away from the bottom end .	Incorrect
It will start by a speech from the Director of the conference , followed by a meal .	Correct
It will start with a speech from the Director of the conference , followed by a meal .	Incorrect
The recreative part will begin at 10 pm with a short musical comedy performed by some of our students and end with fireworks launched from the roof of the college at 2 am .	Correct
The recreational part will begin at 10 pm with a short musical comedy performed by some of our students and end with fireworks launched from the roof of the college at 2 am .	Incorrect
Appart of that , there is no recommendation as to what to wear .	Correct
Apart from that , there is no recommendation as to what to wear .	Incorrect
yours sincerely	Correct
Yours sincerely	Incorrect
Where are you ?	Correct
' Where are you ? '	Incorrect
Due to the mobile phone .	Correct
Due to the mobile phone ,	Incorrect
Of course it allows to be reached everywhere ( even in places you would n't want . )	Correct
Of course it allows us to be reached everywhere ( even in places you would n't want ) .	Incorrect
But is n't it a handicap outside professional life .	Correct
But is n't it a handicap outside professional life ?	Incorrect
Should n't people communicate with those they are next to instead of calling someone 2 miles away .	Correct
Should n't people communicate with those they are next to instead of calling someone 2 miles away ?	Incorrect
Would n't it be better to prepare the shopping list instead of dialing home to ask which salad to buy .	Correct
Would n't it be better to prepare the shopping list instead of dialling home to ask which salad to buy ?	Incorrect
Mobile phone is a marvellous invention but as for cigarettes , we should right on it	Correct
The mobile phone is a marvellous invention , but as with cigarettes , we should write on it :	Incorrect
I am writing to reply your letter you wrote me on 10 June .	Correct
I am writing to reply to the letter you wrote to me on 10 June .	Incorrect
Firstly , I would like to tell you , that the group has been booked into Palace Hotel , which locates beside the congress house in the centre .	Correct
Firstly , I would like to tell you that the group has been booked into the Palace Hotel , which is located beside the congress house in the centre .	Incorrect
Secondly , the best way from the hotel to the conference is to take the bus , which is specially organized by us .	Correct
Secondly , the best way to get from the hotel to the conference is to take the bus , which has been specially organized by us .	Incorrect
Off course there 's also a bus number 8 in front of the hotel is also suitable , but it leaves only every half an hour .	Correct
Of course there 's also a number 8 bus , in front of the hotel , which is also suitable , but it leaves only every half an hour .	Incorrect
The end - of - conference party , which happens in the evening on 20 June , is going to be held on the coast .	Correct
The end - of - conference party , which will be in the evening on 20 June , is going to be held on the coast .	Incorrect
Beside the barbecue , there are some well - known student bands from our country are performing music through the whole night .	Correct
Beside the barbecue , there will be some well - known student bands from our country playing music through the whole night .	Incorrect
What 's more is , that there 's a Latin music band coming to make the party more colourful .	Correct
What 's more is that there 's a Latin music band coming to make the party more colourful .	Incorrect
It plays from 10:00 to 11:00 , while the students can enjoy it with dancing .	Correct
It will play from 10:00 to 11:00 , while the students can enjoy it with dancing .	Incorrect
The main events of the party will end up at about 12:30 in the night .	Correct
The main events of the party will be at about 12:30 in the night .	Incorrect
Finally , in the last afternoon , we could visit the museums , markets ( we have a very interesting robot - market ) .	Correct
Finally , on the last afternoon , we could visit the museums and markets ( we have a very interesting robot - market ) .	Incorrect
Basically it 's a free time for the students to look round here by themselves .	Correct
Basically it 's free time for the students to look round here by themselves .	Incorrect
I hope your questions re answered appropriatly .	Correct
I hope your questions have been answered appropriately .	Incorrect
I 'm looking forward to seeing you on the conference .	Correct
I 'm looking forward to seeing you at the conference .	Incorrect
Now - a - day computer can be found in almost every corner , in offices , in shops .	Correct
Nowadays computers can be found in almost every corner , in offices , in shops .	Incorrect
Or even in cars and washmachines there 're computer chips .	Correct
There 're even computer chips in cars and washing machines .	Incorrect
What has computer affected to our life ?	Correct
How have computers affected our life ?	Incorrect
First of all , the efficiency of the society has been improved .	Correct
First of all , the efficiency of society has been improved .	Incorrect
When shopping , we do n't need to wait the Kasse to take every article 's note by hand .	Correct
When shopping , we do n't need to wait for the cashier to take every article 's note by hand .	Incorrect
When booking a airline , we can just simply make a phone to any agency , and get it done in one minute .	Correct
When booking a flight , we can just make a phone call to any agency , and get it done in one minute .	Incorrect
Secondly , instead of looking up tons of books to get the information what we need , we can very easily search it from internet or on the local network .	Correct
Secondly , instead of looking up tons of books to get the information that we need , we can very easily search for it on the Internet or on the local network .	Incorrect
It 's a very often heard , that someone , who has a special illness , gets operations by a foreign institutes , which he find via internet .	Correct
It 's very often heard that someone who has a rare illness has had an operation at a foreign institute which he found via the Internet .	Incorrect
Moreover , with computer network , it can be possible that people work from home , making projects , controling operations or having conferences .	Correct
Moreover , with computer networks , it is possible for people to work from home , making projects , controlling operations or having conferences .	Incorrect
Lastly the way of communications has been also changed .	Correct
Lastly the way of communications has also changed .	Incorrect
Instead of the tranditional telecommunication , we can talk , mail or even see each other with the help of computer network .	Correct
Instead of traditional telecommunications , we can talk by , e - mail or even see each other with the help of a computer network .	Incorrect
Of course there 're also some aspects in which the computer technology need to be improved .	Correct
Of course there 're also some aspects in which computer technology needs to be improved .	Incorrect
For example , reading on the screen is still not as comfortable as on papers .	Correct
For example , reading on the screen is still not as comfortable as reading on paper .	Incorrect
A very important and severe problem is the reliability and security .	Correct
A very important and severe problem is reliability and security .	Incorrect
Till now , to completely rely on computer is still somehow not safe enough .	Correct
So far , it is still somehow not safe enough to completely rely on computers .	Incorrect
In conclusion , computer have become a very essential necessity of our life , and it 's still a young invention , which need to be improved .	Correct
In conclusion , computers have become a necessity in our life , and it 's still a young invention , which needs to be improved .	Incorrect
First at all , I am sorry about Richard illness .	Correct
First at all , I am sorry about Richard 's illness .	Incorrect
About your request , I 'm going to give you all the information that I think you must need , however you can call me if you consider it necessary , ( my phone number is 2496 9731 ) .	Correct
concerning your request , I 'm going to give you all the information that I think you will need . However , you can call me if you consider it necessary . ( My phone number is 2496 9731 . )	Incorrect
Because it is a wellkown hotel it should be easy to find it .	Correct
Because it is a well - known hotel it should be easy to find it .	Incorrect
Moreover , it is really well - located so it will allow you to move around the city without any problem .	Correct
Moreover , it is really well located so it will allow you to move around the city without any problem .	Incorrect
Even more the conference is going to take place in the Exhibition Centre , which is located only five minutes walking far from the Hotel .	Correct
More importantly the conference is going to take place in the Exhibition Centre , which is located only five minutes ' walk from the hotel .	Incorrect
We haven't asked for any special clothes so I would wear casual and comfortable clothes , although you can come well - dressed , if you feel better .	Correct
We haven't asked for any special clothes so I would wear casual and comfortable clothes , although you can come well dressed , if you feel better that way .	Incorrect
After the conference we are going to have an informal dinner with a previous snack time in order to introduce each others .	Correct
After the conference we are going to have an informal dinner with a previous snack time in order to introduce ourselves to each other .	Incorrect
Finally in my opinion , you should visit the Art Gallery .	Correct
Finally , in my opinion , you should visit the Art Gallery .	Incorrect
I look forward hearing from you .	Correct
I look forward to hearing from you .	Incorrect
" Sagrada Familia " a real holly building .	Correct
" Sagrada Familia " , a real holy building .	Incorrect
If you are looking for a special building in Barcelona , which you can like whatever your tastes are , you should visit the " Sagrada Familia " .	Correct
If you are looking for a special building in Barcelona , which you will like whatever your tastes are , you should visit the " Sagrada Familia " .	Incorrect
Among the big number of choices , this unfinished church offers a gorgeous view fro the top of its towers , a charming story and one of the most representative examples of the Catalonia modernisme art .	Correct
Among the large number of choices , this unfinished church offers a gorgeous view from the top of its towers , a charming story and one of the most representative examples of Catalonian modernist art .	Incorrect
Gaudi conceived this church n 1912 , though it was n't until 1920 they started to build it .	Correct
Gaudi conceived of this church in 1912 , though it was n't until 1920 they started to build it .	Incorrect
Since the beginning the work was interrupted in different periods and started again .	Correct
Since the beginning the work has been interrupted at different times and started again .	Incorrect
After Gaudi death it was critical stop which was fortunately solved three years later .	Correct
After Gaudi 's death it was critical stop which was fortunately solved three years later .	Incorrect
Nowadays , a hard work is being done in order to finish as soon as possible .	Correct
Nowadays , hard work is being done in order to finish it as soon as possible .	Incorrect
The visitor can wonder around all the building or follow a guided visit .	Correct
The visitor can wander around the whole building or follow a guided tour .	Incorrect
There is a exhibition room where maps and projects can be consulted .	Correct
There is an exhibition room where maps and plans can be consulted .	Incorrect
And , unless you suffer from your heart , you should climb the 350 steps which carry you to the top .	Correct
And , unless you suffer from a heart problem , you should climb the 350 steps which carry you to the top .	Incorrect
There you can enjoy a terrific view , not only will you see almost all the city but also you will discover another perspective of this magnific building .	Correct
There you can enjoy a terrific view . Not only will you see almost all the city but also you will discover another perspective of this magnificent building .	Incorrect
As you know I am in charge for organise the conference in my college . Do not worry if Richard did not left you all the information .	Correct
As you know , I am in charge of organising the conference in my college . Do not worry if Richard did not leave you all the information .	Incorrect
We looked in every hotel in Town trying to give you the best offerd .	Correct
We looked at every hotel in town , trying to give you the best offer .	Incorrect
We found two good hotels but we decided for the Palace Hotel .	Correct
We found two good hotels and we decided on the Palace Hotel .	Incorrect
The conference day our school driver is going to pick you up in the hotel and take you to the conference .	Correct
On the conference day our school driver is going to pick you up at the hotel and take you to the conference .	Incorrect
The party is going to be in a local discotheque near the college so the best way to get there is walking .	Correct
The party is going to be in a local discotheque near the college so the best way to get there is to walk .	Incorrect
You do not have to wear any special kind of clothes but in my opinion you can wear very cassual .	Correct
You do not have to wear any special kind of clothes but in my opinion you can wear very casual clothes .	Incorrect
Finally , the last day I sugget you to go to the mall where you can enjoy shopping and looking around .	Correct
Finally , on the last day I suggest you go to the mall where you can enjoy shopping and looking around .	Incorrect
The aim of this report is to recomend you to visit the Fuerte de San Diego Musseum .	Correct
The aim of this report is to recommend you to visit the Fuerte de San Diego Museum .	Incorrect
This is an historical building .	Correct
This is a historical building .	Incorrect
I asked to some pleople in town and this was the best place to choose .	Correct
I asked some people in town and this was the best place to choose .	Incorrect
The Fuerte de Sandiego Musseum was build at the time when the Spanish people was trying to take all the lands from Mexico , one of the most important people who was at front of the Fuerte was Hernon Cortez , the first Spanish in have more lands than anyone at that time .	Correct
The Fuerte de Sandiego Museum was built at the time when the Spanish people were trying to take all the lands from Mexico , one of the most important people who was at front of the Fuerte was Hernon Cortez , the first Spanish in have more lands than anyone at that time .	Incorrect
The Musseum is situated in front of the sea in the centre of Acapulco .	Correct
The Museum is situated in front of the sea in the centre of Acapulco .	Incorrect
Is situated in the top of a little mountain in the " old " part on the city .	Correct
It is situated on the top of a little mountain in the " old " part of the city .	Incorrect
You are able to get there by car or walking and see everything which was made at that time .	Correct
You are able to get there by car or on foot and see everything which was made at that time .	Incorrect
On the whole this is the best building in Acapulco for his history and reputation .	Correct
On the whole , this is the best building in Acapulco for its history and reputation .	Incorrect
Is the best place to go and easy to get there .	Correct
It is the best place to go and it is easy to get there .	Incorrect
My wish is that nothing goes wrong .	Correct
My hope is that nothing goes wrong .	Incorrect
Your hotel is called Palace Hotel and it is placed in the city centre .	Correct
Your hotel is called Palace Hotel and it is located in the city centre .	Incorrect
As far as I know this hotel is very comfortable .	Correct
As far as I know , this hotel is very comfortable .	Incorrect
Our college is not much far away .	Correct
Our college is not very far away .	Incorrect
After three stations you have arrived Brooklyn street .	Correct
After three stations you have arrived at Brooklyn street .	Incorrect
The students have prepared a music program for the end - of - conference party .	Correct
The students have prepared a music programme for the end - of - conference party .	Incorrect
You will have a lot of fund , I can tell you .	Correct
You will have a lot of fun , I can tell you .	Incorrect
It is a way for people to communicate although they are at two different places .	Correct
It is a way for people to communicate although they are in two different places .	Incorrect
For example a telephone is very important in job - life .	Correct
For example a telephone is very important in professional life .	Incorrect
Nowadays there are no companies which do not have a telephone .	Correct
Nowadays , there are no companies which do not have a telephone .	Incorrect
Also it is god for people 's safety .	Correct
Also it is good for people 's safety .	Incorrect
The people use the telephone also for their personal life .	Correct
People also use the telephone in their personal life .	Incorrect
For example when you want to talk to your family or to your friends who live far away .	Correct
For example , when you want to talk to your family or to your friends who live far away .	Incorrect
They are able to give and receive informations very quickly .	Correct
They are able to give and receive information very quickly .	Incorrect
This invention has made our lives easier and quickier .	Correct
This invention has made our lives easier and quicker .	Incorrect
The telephone has made my own life also easy and quick .	Correct
The telephone has also made my own life easy and quick .	Incorrect
Finally I would say that the telephone is very efficient for people .	Correct
Finally , I would say that the telephone is very efficient for people .	Incorrect
The students can get there with the No 35 bus .	Correct
The students can get there on the No 35 bus .	Incorrect
They must get on the bus from the city centre and get off after five stations at Palace Station .	Correct
They must get on the bus from the city centre and get off after five stops at Palace Station .	Incorrect
At the end - of - conference the college , in which the conference will be held , gives a party for all the students .	Correct
At the end of the conference , the college , in which the conference will be held , gives a party for all the students .	Incorrect
It will be offered light food , like sandwiches , pommes frites , chips , sweets and different drinks - no alcohol .	Correct
They will be offered light food , like sandwiches , pommes frites , chips , sweets and different drinks - no alcohol .	Incorrect
There will be life music and the students can dance and enjoy themselves .	Correct
There will be live music and the students can dance and enjoy themselves .	Incorrect
The group can also visit the zoo , the opera or stay and relax at the college 's enormous garden and enjoy the settings .	Correct
The group can also visit the zoo , the opera or stay and relax in the college 's enormous garden and enjoy the scenery .	Incorrect
Your sincerely ,	Correct
Yours sincerely ,	Incorrect
Location : The castle is in the city centre nearby an enormous church .	Correct
Location : The castle is in the city centre near an enormous church .	Incorrect
Someone can get to the city centre with the No.456 bus and then on foot to the castle .	Correct
You can get to the city centre on the No.456 bus and then go on foot to the castle .	Incorrect
Service : It is over 100 years old but it is kept in a good condition by the local people , who are proude of this castle .	Correct
Service : It is over 100 years old but it is kept in good condition by the local people , who are proud of this castle .	Incorrect
Activities : At this time of the year , you will visit Nyremberg , on the castle are taken place many theatrical plays or concerts .	Correct
Activities : At the time of the year you will visit Nyremberg , many theatrical plays or concerts are taking place in the castle .	Incorrect
View : From the castle you can have a wonderful view of all the town , especially at night when all the lights are on .	Correct
View : From the castle you can have a wonderful view of the whole town , especially at night when all the lights are on .	Incorrect
It is a different expirience .	Correct
It is a different experience .	Incorrect
History : At the castle are always few guides , who will show someone around and tell him about the history of the castle ( when it was built , by whom and why ) , which makes everyone enthousistic .	Correct
History : At the castle there are always a few guides , who will show someone around and tell him about the history of the castle ( when it was built , by whom and why ) , which makes everyone enthusiastic .	Incorrect
I recomment to visit this castle , because it is interesting , marvelous and something different .	Correct
I recommend visiting this castle , because it is interesting , marvellous and something different .	Incorrect
Nyremberg is also famous for this castle and the students will have a different expirience and a lesson too .	Correct
Nyremberg is also famous for this castle and the students will have a different experience and a lesson too .	Incorrect
By the way you can visit the	Correct
By the way , you can visit the	Incorrect
I would get you the information you are requested .	Correct
I will give you the information you have requested .	Incorrect
Furthermore , as usually , we would organise a party at the end of the conference , therefore , it would be great if your students wear a suit ( for man ) or a skirt ( for woman ) .	Correct
Furthermore , as usual , we will organise a party at the end of the conference , therefore , it would be great if your students wore a suit ( for a man ) or a skirt ( for a woman ) .	Incorrect
Furthermore , this party would be in your hotel like the following years .	Correct
Furthermore , this party will be in your hotel as in the previous years .	Incorrect
Finally , there are a lot of mouseum is our town , therefore , I would suggest going to the frogs museum which is really fashinating .	Correct
Finally , there are a lot of museums in our town . Therefore , I would suggest going to the frogs museum , which is really fascinating .	Incorrect
Yours sincerly ,	Correct
Yours sincerely ,	Incorrect
subject : Arboriginal Art Museum .	Correct
subject : Aboriginal Art Museum .	Incorrect
The aim of this report is intended to discribe the biggest building of our town .	Correct
The aim of this report is to describe the biggest building of our town .	Incorrect
a ) this museum presents more than 200000 original art pictures .	Correct
a ) This museum exhibits more than 200000 original art pictures .	Incorrect
b ) The building has been buit in 1999 , therefore , it is a modern architecture .	Correct
b ) The building was built in 1999 . Therefore , it is an example of modern architecture .	Incorrect
c ) This building is as high as the Eiffel Tour in Paris .	Correct
c ) This building is as high as the Eiffel Tower in Paris .	Incorrect
d ) This building is included : 30 toilets , 500'000 lights , and also 100 people whom can help you if you need any information .	Correct
d ) This building includes 30 toilets , 500,000 lights , and also 100 people who can help you if you need any information .	Incorrect
I would suggest this place because it is interesting to discover the eldest civilisation of the world in one of the modernest building .	Correct
I would suggest this place because it is interesting to discover the oldest civilisation in the world in one of the most modern buildings .	Incorrect
Mrs Smith ,	Correct
Dear Mrs Smith ,	Incorrect
I received your letter this morning and I would like to thank you for your interest in the Conference .	Correct
I received your letter this morning and I would like to thank you for your interest in the conference .	Incorrect
At First , this international student conference has the intension of explain to students how important is the education .	Correct
First , this international student conference has the aim of explaining to students how important education is .	Incorrect
In addition to this , we choose the luxuery Palace Hotel which is comfortable enough and in a good location .	Correct
In addition to this , we have chosen the luxury Palace Hotel , which is comfortable enough and in a good location .	Incorrect
The Palace Hotel is located in the centre of the city , so you can go by train , by bus or by car .	Correct
The Palace Hotel is located in the centre of the city , so you can come by train , by bus or by car .	Incorrect
I suggest you should go by train and go out in the Museum Station .	Correct
I suggest you should go by train and get off at Museum Station .	Incorrect
The Conference will happen in the Hotel , which is so much easier .	Correct
The conference will be held in the hotel , which is so much easier .	Incorrect
The Conference , not being modest , it is a quite well organized .	Correct
The conference , not being modest , is quite well organized .	Incorrect
It will starts at eight in the morning and will finish around five in the afternoon .	Correct
It will start at eight in the morning and will finish around five in the afternoon .	Incorrect
Even though we want to make things as more comfortable as possible to our students .	Correct
Even though we want to make things as comfortable as possible for our students .	Incorrect
I am very happy that you want to know my area , although I am afraid an afternoon is not enough .	Correct
I am very happy that you want to know about my area , although I am afraid an afternoon is not enough .	Incorrect
Affecting Our Lifes	Correct
Affecting Our Lives	Incorrect
Cars , boats , motobikes , airplanes : Who did never use this once ?	Correct
Cars , boats , motorbikes , airplanes : Who has never used them once ?	Incorrect
The humans seems always that they are running and the fastest of this inventions is certainly , the airplane .	Correct
People always seem to be running and the fastest of these inventions is certainly the airplane .	Incorrect
At First , when Santos Dummont invented the airplane , he probably did n't think how the people could transform his creation .	Correct
At First , when Santos Dummont invented the airplane , he probably did n't think how people could transform his creation .	Incorrect
In this world , where the nations fight to be the better one could n't be diferent : the airplane became the most important thing in the war .	Correct
In this world , where the nations fight to be the best one could n't be different , the airplane became the most important thing in the war .	Incorrect
How could a person come from Brazil to Australia ?	Correct
How could a person go from Brazil to Australia without it ?	Incorrect
The best way is definetely , by air .	Correct
The best way is definitely by air .	Incorrect
After this invention travel around the world is so much easier .	Correct
With this invention travel around the world is so much easier .	Incorrect
Now , we have to say thanks and congratulate all the creators who invented facility things for us .	Correct
Now , we have to say thanks and congratulate all the inventors who invented facility things for us .	Incorrect
So , the airplane is definitely an important invention , because it have changed people 's life in wars .	Correct
So , the airplane is definitely an important invention , because it has changed people 's lives in wars .	Incorrect
Until now , it is being important in the transport of thousands and thousands of people around the world .	Correct
Now , it is important in the transport of thousands and thousands of people around the world .	Incorrect
Thank you for your lettre .	Correct
Thank you for your letter .	Incorrect
Of course I will give you some more detail about the student conference .	Correct
Of course I will give you some more details about the student conference .	Incorrect
First of all the hotel Richard Brown has been loocked in is the Palace Hotel .	Correct
First of all the hotel Richard Brown has looked at is the Palace Hotel .	Incorrect
Its located close to the main trainstation in our town .	Correct
It 's located close to the main train station in our town .	Incorrect
There will be extrabus to get there .	Correct
There will be extra buses to get there .	Incorrect
The bus will pick you up right at your hotel entery .	Correct
The bus will pick you up right at your hotel entrance .	Incorrect
The end - of - conference party will be a small dinner for all students .	Correct
The end - of - conference party will be a small dinner for all the students .	Incorrect
You do not have to wear spezial clothes , just wear what you always wear .	Correct
You do not have to wear special clothes , just wear what you always wear .	Incorrect
If you take your uniform with you it would be pleasant to leave it at the hotel . and wear something else .	Correct
If you take your uniform with you it would be pleasant to leave it at the hotel and wear something else .	Incorrect
You could visit our famous Museum of Art or go for a walk along the lake .	Correct
You could visit our famous Museum of Art or go for a walk along the lakeside .	Incorrect
If you want something for fun or entertainment go bowling .	Correct
If you want to do something for fun or entertainment , go bowling .	Incorrect
If you have any further questions , just let me know	Correct
If you have any further questions , just let me know .	Incorrect
Our Church is a very famous building at our country .	Correct
Our church is a very famous building in our country .	Incorrect
It is eighty meters long and its tower is fourty five meters high .	Correct
It is eighty metres long and its tower is forty - five metres tall .	Incorrect
On the top of the tower it has a huge clock on eatch side .	Correct
On the top of the tower it has a huge clock on each side .	Incorrect
The tower is red and the church itself is white painted .	Correct
The tower is red and the church itself is painted white .	Incorrect
In the church are many expensive draws .	Correct
In the church are many expensive drawings .	Incorrect
It is rebuilt in 1948 because of the Secound world war it had been demaged .	Correct
It was rebuilt in 1948 because of the Second World War , when it had been damaged .	Incorrect
The church is located on a place where you see the whole mountain chain of Rigi .	Correct
The church is located in a place where you can see the whole Rigi mountain chain .	Incorrect
Visit our church because it is one of the most famous church in our country .	Correct
Visit our church because it is one of the most famous churches in our country .	Incorrect
It has a interesting past .	Correct
It has an interesting past .	Incorrect
The tower is absolutly marvelous .	Correct
The tower is absolutely marvellous .	Incorrect
You can walk to the top of the tower and it shows you a beautiful view .	Correct
You can walk to the top of the tower and it gives you a beautiful view .	Incorrect
If you want to visit the church , there will be a special guide who shows you al the things and answer your questions .	Correct
If you want to visit the church , there will be a special guide who will show you all the things and answer your questions .	Incorrect
The entery will be free .	Correct
Entry is free .	Incorrect
The hotel that group has been booked into is the Palace Hotel ( In the Victoria road ) .	Correct
The hotel that group has been booked into is the Palace Hotel ( on the Victoria road ) .	Incorrect
And you can take the Bus in front of the hotel to go to the College .	Correct
And you can catch the Bus in front of the hotel to go to the College .	Incorrect
It is four bus stops .	Correct
It is four bus stops away .	Incorrect
Then walk straight for five minutes , you will see the college .	Correct
Then walk straight ahead for five minutes . You will see the college .	Incorrect
The rest you already knows .	Correct
The rest you already know .	Incorrect
I suggest to wear shirts and jeans .	Correct
I suggest wearing shirts and jeans .	Incorrect
After we eat in the KFC .	Correct
Afterwards we will eat in the KFC .	Incorrect
Then we all take you and the students to the airport .	Correct
Then we will all take you and the students to the airport .	Incorrect
That 's all .	Correct
That 's everything .	Incorrect
Your sincerly	Correct
Yours sincerely	Incorrect
Madrid is a big city and have many interesting places .	Correct
Madrid is a big city and has many interesting places .	Incorrect
In there , students can have fun in the recreation areas , can watch a film and eat all kind of food and have shopping .	Correct
In there , students can have fun in the recreation areas , can watch a film and eat all kinds of food and go shopping .	Incorrect
The buildings seems to be very new but it is quite old .	Correct
The building seems to be very new but it is quite old .	Incorrect
People love this place and called it " Madrid - two " .	Correct
People love this place and called it " Madrid Two " .	Incorrect
Around it , there are many restaurants and shops as the building bring a lot of people .	Correct
Around it , there are many restaurants and shops as the building attracts a lot of people .	Incorrect
And it is easy to come .	Correct
And it is easy to get to .	Incorrect
Just take the bus 83 or the sub - way .	Correct
Just take the 83 bus or the subway .	Incorrect
I receved your letter and I 'm happy to help you . We booked the Palace Hotel for your group , it 's nice and quiet .	Correct
I received your letter and I 'm happy to help you . We booked the Palace Hotel for your group . It 's nice and quiet .	Incorrect
So you are going to come at the conference in some minutes .	Correct
So you are going to get to the conference in a few minutes .	Incorrect
When you go out of the Hotel turn right and go stright on , at the first crossroads turn right again .	Correct
When you go out of the hotel turn right and go straight on ; turn right again at the first crossroads .	Incorrect
At the end of this street you can see our college on your left , it 's a green building .	Correct
At the end of this street you can see our college on your left . It 's a green building .	Incorrect
At the end - of - conference party it 'll be something to eat and to drink .	Correct
At the end - of - conference party there 'll be something to eat and to drink .	Incorrect
In the big room where we 'll have the party , it 'll be some picturs of our college , you 'll see al the generations who passed here .	Correct
In the big room where we 'll have the party , there 'll be some pictures of our college . You 'll see all the generations who passed through here .	Incorrect
The wears are n't very important , but it 'll be fine if the people will wear something different from the usual jeans .	Correct
Clothes are n't very important , but it 'll be fine if the people wear something different from the usual jeans .	Incorrect
Here we have a lot of beautiful things to do , but the best you can do in about three hours is visiting the painting museum .	Correct
Here we have a lot of great things to do , but the best you can do in about three hours is visit the art museum .	Incorrect
We all are looking forward to seeing your group .	Correct
We are all looking forward to seeing your group .	Incorrect
It is n't easy giving an answer at this question .	Correct
It is n't easy to give an answer to this question .	Incorrect
Television is an important invention , it permitted us to better our way of communication .	Correct
Television is an important invention . It has given us a better means of communication .	Incorrect
This animated box can give us a lot of informations coming from all around the world .	Correct
This animated box can give us a lot of information from all around the world .	Incorrect
Television has affected the " all days life , , , too . We can spend a lot of time enjoying ourselves with some programs , all what we have to do is watching .	Correct
Television has affected the " all days life , , , too . We can spend a lot of time enjoying ourselves with some programmes , all that we have to do is watch .	Incorrect
And we like that , because it 's easier nothing doing than engaging ourselves in something that make us do something .	Correct
And we like that , because it 's easier doing nothing than engaging ourselves in something that makes us do something .	Incorrect
So television can be a positive or a negative invention , it depends on which use we want to do of this box .	Correct
So television can be a positive or a negative invention . It depends on what use we want to make of this box .	Incorrect
Now we should be able to answer at the introducing question .	Correct
Now we should be able to answer the introducing question .	Incorrect
Television has become so important for us that we ca n't thinking that it could n't exist .	Correct
Television has become so important for us that we ca n't imagine that it could n't exist .	Incorrect
I am writing to answer your letter about the details of international students conference .	Correct
I am writing to answer your letter about the details of the international students conference .	Incorrect
Palace Hotel has been booked and you should first walk from the hotel to the Town Hall railway station , which is North City Line , is yellow line on the map .	Correct
The Palace Hotel has been booked and you should first walk from the hotel to the Town Hall railway station , which is on the North City Line , which is the yellow line on the map .	Incorrect
After getting on the train , you should get off at the Mountain station which is for twenty minutes , is in front of the conference .	Correct
After getting on the train , you should get off at the Mountain station , which is twenty minutes away . It is opposite the conference venue .	Incorrect
The conference which will be held from 1 pm through 4 pm , is a formal party .	Correct
The conference which , will be held from 1 pm through 4 pm , is a formal party .	Incorrect
You should wear formal clothes , and are going to play a game and enjoy welcome drink together .	Correct
You should wear formal clothes , and are going to play a game and enjoy a welcome drink together .	Incorrect
I am writing to answer your question about the information on an interesting building to visit .	Correct
I am writing to answer your question about an interesting building to visit .	Incorrect
" Sky Heaven " which is the name of the building , is for fifteen minutes from the centre of my town .	Correct
" Sky Heaven " , which is the name of the building , is fifteen minutes from the centre of my town .	Incorrect
This building have a hundred floor and it takes for five minutes from the grand to the top in the elevator .	Correct
This building has a hundred floors and it takes five minutes to go from the ground to the top in the elevator .	Incorrect
There are many facilities which are a museum , a exhibition and many gift shops where we might also enjoy going shopping .	Correct
There are many attractions such as a museum , an exhibition and many gift shops where we might also enjoy going shopping .	Incorrect
The reason for my recommendation is that Sky Heaven is the highest building in the world .	Correct
The reason for my recommendation is that Sky Heaven is the tallest building in the world .	Incorrect
You should get the top of the building and experience such a amazing view .	Correct
You should go to the top of the building and enjoy an amazing view .	Incorrect
Another reason is that there is a good museum , which tell you about the history of my town so easily and clearly .	Correct
Another reason is that there is a good museum , which tells you about the history of my town so easily and clearly .	Incorrect
It is a good experience for your students .	Correct
It will be a good experience for your students .	Incorrect
I am glad to helping you for the organisation of the international student conference .	Correct
I am glad to help you with the organisation of the international student conference .	Incorrect
The group has been booked into the Palace Hotel , and the best way to get from there to the conference is by tube , the building of the conference is then five minutes by footh .	Correct
The group has been booked into the Palace Hotel , and the best way to get from there to the conference is by tube . The location of the conference is then five minutes by foot .	Incorrect
At the end - of - conference there is a party , where we can eat something , dance and speak to each other about the conference .	Correct
At the end of the conference there is a party , where we can eat something , dance and speak to each other about the conference .	Incorrect
For the party I suggest you to wear classic clothes ; maybe something black and not red or pink . I am going to wear black classic trousers and a white jorsey - it can be that this information give you some idea too ..	Correct
For the party I suggest you wear classic clothes ; maybe something black and not red or pink . I am going to wear classic black trousers and a white jersey - it might be that this information gives you some idea too .	Incorrect
On the last day we are going to have about three hours free times .	Correct
On the last day we are going to have about three hours ' free time .	Incorrect
What do you think if we will go to visit the Arts Museum ?	Correct
What do you think about going to the Arts Museum ?	Incorrect
Of if we will go to hear a classic concert near the conference building 's ?	Correct
Or we could go to hear a classic concert near the conference buildings .	Incorrect
and I am looking forward to seeing you at the conference .	Correct
And I am looking forward to seeing you at the conference .	Incorrect
I am writing a report , which will describe you the most important building of my town .	Correct
I am writing a report , in which I will describe for you the most important building in my town .	Incorrect
It is an old big house of a rich lord in the middle of the town .	Correct
It is the big old house of a rich lord in the middle of the town .	Incorrect
Into this house there is a big museum , where you could know the past of Biasco .	Correct
In this house there is a big museum , where you can learn about the history of Biasco .	Incorrect
Your American students could learn how the , , Meriot ticinese " is produced and why is it so famous in Tiano .	Correct
Your American students could learn how the , , Meriot ticinese " is produced and why it is so famous in Tiano .	Incorrect
I think that these suggestions could interest your student then Biasco , with its , , Casa Cavalier Pellanda " , is the middle points of two tailes - Leventina and Blenio - and the middle points of two similar but also different cultures too .	Correct
I think that these suggestions could interest your students . Also Biasco , with its , , Casa Cavalier Pellanda " , is the middle point of two tailes - Leventina and Blenio - and the middle point of two similar but also different cultures too .	Incorrect
I hope that these informations will bring you to visit Biasco and its , , house " .	Correct
I hope that this information will encourage you to visit Biasco and its , , house " .	Incorrect
Yours faithfully ,	Correct
Yours sincerely ,	Incorrect
I am sorry to hear that Richard Brown is n't well and hope he 'll get better soon . I am more than happy to give you the nessessary information .	Correct
I am sorry to hear that Richard Brown is n't well and hope he 'll get better soon . I am more than happy to give you the necessary information .	Incorrect
Your group has been booked into Palace Hotel which is only 2 miles away from our college .	Correct
Your group has been booked into the Palace Hotel , which is only 2 miles away from our college .	Incorrect
The college will arrange a mini - bus to come and pick you up every morning at 8:45 , so you can arrive to the college around 9 o'clock and have some time before the conference starts at 9:15 .	Correct
The college will arrange for a mini - bus to come and pick you up every morning at 8:45 , so you can arrive at the college around 9 o'clock and have some time before the conference starts at 9:15 .	Incorrect
The reason we do n't suggest you to take a walk from your hotel is that you 'd have to walk through a large building site which is not going to be suitable for a group of 20 students .	Correct
The reason we do n't suggest you walk from your hotel is that you 'd have to walk through a large building site which is not going to be suitable for a group of 20 students .	Incorrect
As you already know we are going to have the end - of - conference party where the Head of the college will give a small speech at the begining , then it will a buffet and a disco .	Correct
As you already know , we are going to have an end - of - conference party where the Head of the college will give a short speech at the beginning , then there will be a buffet and a disco .	Incorrect
You do n't need to dress up smartly but please , make sure that your students do n't wear short or trainers .	Correct
You do n't need to dress up smartly but please , make sure that your students do n't wear shorts or trainers .	Incorrect
Regarding to what you could do in your free afternoon on the day you leave I would suggest you to take the students to our History Museim .	Correct
Regarding what you could do in your free afternoon on the day you leave I would suggest you take the students to our History Museum .	Incorrect
There is also a gift shop in there , where your boys and girls can buy some soveniers for their families and friends .	Correct
There is also a gift shop in there , where your boys and girls can buy some souvenirs for their families and friends .	Incorrect
I hope I 've answered all your questions but if you need anymore information , please let me know .	Correct
I hope I 've answered all your questions but if you need any more information , please let me know .	Incorrect
To my personal opinion one of the most important and useful thing which has been invented in a car .	Correct
In my personal opinion one of the most important and useful things which has been invented is the car .	Incorrect
Cars take a big part in our life .	Correct
Cars play a big part in our life .	Incorrect
More and more people learn how to drive and choose to travel by car , because it saves a lot of time comper to travelling by public transport .	Correct
More and more people are learning how to drive and choosing to travel by car , because it saves a lot of time compared to travelling by public transport .	Incorrect
You do n't have to wait on a bus stop on a cold and windy weather for a late bus , or being stuck on a train for an hour due to some railtrack repairs , you can just jump into a car , tune your radio onto your favourite station and have a plesant drive to your distanation .	Correct
You do n't have to wait at a bus stop in cold and windy weather for a late bus , or be stuck on a train for an hour due to some track repairs . You can just jump into a car , tune your radio to your favourite station and have a pleasant drive to your destination .	Incorrect
Cars are even more important for emergency situations such as fire in a house or if somebody is critically ill .	Correct
Cars are even more important for emergency situations such as a fire in a house or if somebody is critically ill .	Incorrect
There was no public transport and I had to stay in the complex where we lived most of the time , and relay on other people to take me to a shop or the doctors or anywhere else .	Correct
There was no public transport and I had to stay in the complex where we lived most of the time , and rely on other people to take me to a shop or the doctors or anywhere else .	Incorrect
There I soon realised that I had to learn how to drive if I wanted a quality life for my daughter and myself .	Correct
There I soon realised that I had to learn how to drive if I wanted some quality of life for my daughter and myself .	Incorrect
I use my car every day everywhere I go and I absolutelly love it !	Correct
I use my car every day everywhere I go and I absolutely love it !	Incorrect
I am writing to inform you some information about an international student conference .	Correct
I am writing to give you some information about an international student conference .	Incorrect
It is very near York Railway Station which you can get there easily .	Correct
It is very near York Railway Station , from which you can get there easily .	Incorrect
By rail : get off at York station and you can walk from the station turn left and the hotel is on your left hand side .	Correct
By rail : get off at York station and you can walk from the station . Turn left and the hotel is on your left - hand side .	Incorrect
Secondly , the conference is very important event for all of us , we agree to wear formal dresses .	Correct
Secondly , the conference is a very important event for all of us . We agree to wear formal dress .	Incorrect
For example , men should wear suits , ties and the so on .	Correct
For example , men should wear suits , ties and so on .	Incorrect
It would be grateful If we could go for a walk around the city of York and visit the historic buildings .	Correct
It would be great if we could go for a walk around the city of York and visit the historic buildings .	Incorrect
If you could think of any other ideas It would be very kind of you . I would be grateful if my idea and all the information could help you .	Correct
If you could think of any other ideas that would be very kind of you . I will be pleased if my idea and all this information can help you .	Incorrect
Nowadays , a lot of things are invented and make our lives are more convenient than those days .	Correct
Nowadays , a lot of things are invented and make our lives more convenient than in the old days .	Incorrect
A car is one of the invention which is very useful .	Correct
A car is one of the inventions which are very useful .	Incorrect
For example , I can travel to many places in the U.K. Especially , I live in Whitwell - on - the - Hill ( a village near Malton in North Yorkshire ) .	Correct
For example , I can travel to a lot of places in the U.K. Especially since I live in Whitwell - on - the - Hill ( a village near Malton in North Yorkshire ) .	Incorrect
Can you imagine if I had n't got a car how could I go shopping , go to college and so on ?	Correct
Can you imagine how I could go shopping , go to college and so on if I had n't got a car ?	Incorrect
In fact , there are buses ( number 843 and 845 ) which go pass my village but the bus fares is very expensive for me .	Correct
In fact , there are buses ( number 843 and 845 ) which go past my village but the bus fares are very expensive for me .	Incorrect
Apart from that it takes long time to go somewhere .	Correct
Apart from that it takes a long time to go somewhere .	Incorrect
The car has largely affected my own life .	Correct
The car has significantly affected my life .	Incorrect
I can go anywhere by car a lot quicker than use public transports .	Correct
I can go anywhere by car a lot quicker than by using public transport .	Incorrect
I can listen to the radio and sometimes can listen to Thai music which I brought some cassets with me from Thailand .	Correct
I can listen to the radio and sometimes can listen to Thai music , as I brought some cassettes with me from Thailand .	Incorrect
I took a car driving theory test last October and I passed it and I will take a pratice driving test very soon .	Correct
I took a driving - theory test last October and I passed it and I will take a practical driving test very soon .	Incorrect
I think I have to drive the car myself , so that it will know more about the advantages of using the car .	Correct
I think I have to drive the car myself , so that I will know more about the advantages of using a car .	Incorrect
In conclusion , I think car is very important to me and it has affected my own life .	Correct
In conclusion , I think a car is very important to me and it has affected my own life .	Incorrect
If I have more money I will buy another car . I think it has more advantages than disadvantages .	Correct
If I had more money I would buy another car . I think it has more advantages than disadvantages .	Incorrect
So , we should say many thanks to the person who invented a car !	Correct
So , we should say many thanks to the person who invented the car !	Incorrect
It was such a pleasure to receive your letter , and we will be extremely glad to see you at the conference , we have been organising .	Correct
It was such a pleasure to receive your letter , and we will be extremely glad to see you at the conference we have been organising .	Incorrect
Is called Palace Hotel , and we hope that is going to satisfy your expectetions .	Correct
It is called the Palace Hotel , and we hope that it is going to meet your expectations .	Incorrect
I strongly reccommend you to use the public transportation in order to get there , cause you may be find other types of transportation quite expensive .	Correct
I strongly recommend you to use public transport in order to get there , because you may find other types of transportation quite expensive .	Incorrect
Moreover , you must be aware of the fact that the conference is going to last two hours , untill 10:00 pm .	Correct
Moreover , you must be aware of the fact that the conference is going to last two hours , until 10:00 pm .	Incorrect
After that our college has organised a barbequiou night , with traditional local music that you must not miss .	Correct
After that our college has organised a barbecue night , with traditional local music that you must not miss .	Incorrect
Just every day clothes .	Correct
Just everyday clothes .	Incorrect
Finally , I am aware of the fact that the last day you have some hours free before you catch your plane .	Correct
Finally , I am aware of the fact that on the last day you have some hours free before you catch your plane .	Incorrect
There is also huge shop centre , where you can buy some souvenirs or taste some of our traditional food .	Correct
There is also a huge shopping centre where you can buy some souvenirs or taste some of our traditional food .	Incorrect
I hope that you will find my information helpfull	Correct
I hope that you will find my information helpful .	Incorrect
I'am looking forward to seeing you	Correct
I am looking forward to seeing you .	Incorrect
Your Sincerely	Correct
Yours sincerely	Incorrect
THE HYSTORICAL MUSEUM	Correct
THE HISTORICAL MUSEUM	Incorrect
Without any doubt , a hystorical place which provides it 's visitors with the opportunity to discover different aspects of the greek history during the passing of centuries .	Correct
Without any doubt , it is a historical place which provides its visitors with the opportunity to discover different aspects of Greek history during the passing of the centuries .	Incorrect
Do n't miss the chance to visit the hystorical museum , located in the heart of the capital city .	Correct
Do n't miss the chance to visit the historical museum , located in the heart of the capital city .	Incorrect
The hystorical museum is simply a symbol , a proof of what greek have always considered as main principal : their freedom .	Correct
The historical museum is simply a symbol , a proof of what the Greeks have always considered as a fundamental principle : their freedom .	Incorrect
There are five diffrent floors , each of them presents a diffrent chronical period of greek history , starting from the period before the birth of Juisus and concluding to the revolution of 1967 .	Correct
There are five different floors , each of them presents a different chronological period of Greek history , starting from the period before the birth of Jesus and concluding with the revolution of 1967 .	Incorrect
The museum provides the visitor with the opportunity to see original pieces of writing , famous paintings having as main subject the revolution of 1821 , and aspects of the greek religion that has always considered to be vital part of greek history .	Correct
The museum provides the visitor with the opportunity to see original pieces of writing , famous paintings having as their main subject the revolution of 1821 , and aspects of the Greek religion that have always been considered to be a vital part of Greek history .	Incorrect
There is a small amount of money that visitors should pay for entry .	Correct
There is a small entry fee .	Incorrect
Inside the museum there is bookshop having a large variety of hystorical books , maps etc .	Correct
Inside the museum there is a bookshop with a large variety of historical books , maps etc .	Incorrect
If you really want to discover what greek history means , we strongly recommend you to visit the hystorical museum ! ! !	Correct
If you really want to discover what Greek history means , we strongly recommend you to visit the historical museum ! ! !	Incorrect
I will remind you that the international student conference will be the next month on the first of July .	Correct
I must remind you that the international student conference will be next month on the first of July .	Incorrect
The hotel that we booked was the Palace Hotel which is near the bus station .	Correct
The hotel that we booked is the Palace Hotel , which is near the bus station .	Incorrect
When you are in the bus station you will catch the bus number 37 which will go to town center .	Correct
When you are in the bus station you will catch bus number 37 , which will go to the town centre .	Incorrect
From there you will walk until the college because it is easier to get there than to get with another bus .	Correct
From there you will walk to the college because it is easier to get there that way than to get another bus .	Incorrect
Anyway the college is the first road on your right from town center .	Correct
Anyway the college is the first road on your right from the town centre .	Incorrect
After the conference some drink and food will be available in the sport - center which is well equipped for disco - party .	Correct
After the conference some food and drink will be available in the sports centre , which is well equipped for discos .	Incorrect
Our party has a special subject ' Western ' .	Correct
Our party has a special theme : ' Western ' .	Incorrect
So we suggest to wear western clothes .	Correct
So we suggest wearing cowboy - style clothes .	Incorrect
On your last day you could go to the sport - musseum which is grateful and famous around the world or only go for a walk around Reconvillier - Park .	Correct
On your last day you could go to the sports museum , which is great and famous around the world , or just go for a walk around Reconvillier Park .	Incorrect
I hope that I had answer all of your question and that the conference will be grateful .	Correct
I hope that I have answered all of your questions and that the conference will be great .	Incorrect
Introduction : I am writing to explain you about the location , the architecture and the story of the old Roman school from Courtelary . I hope that you will get there with your group because it has a lot of beautiful thing to see .	Correct
Introduction : I am writing to describe the location and architecture for you and tell the story of the old Roman school of Courtelary . I hope that you will go there with your group because it has a lot of beautiful things to see .	Incorrect
It is the unique old Roman school in the world .	Correct
It is the only old Roman school in the world .	Incorrect
This place is very important because it is there that an Emperor had growing up .	Correct
This place is very important because it is there that an emperor grew up .	Incorrect
Architecture : It is a typical from this epoque with beautiful draw on the wall and first kind of writing in the sport center .	Correct
Architecture : It is a typical from this epoch with beautiful drawing on the wall and first kind of writing in the sports centre .	Incorrect
The door is enormous because for them the entry was the most important .	Correct
The door is enormous because for them the entrance was very important .	Incorrect
History : All began when Ogus Micius said that Roman need to go at school .	Correct
History : It all began when Ogus Micius said that Romans needed to go to school .	Incorrect
They decided to build more school specially in Switzerland because the people were considerated clever .	Correct
They decided to build more schools , especially in Switzerland because the people there were considered clever .	Incorrect
During the Second World War all school were demolished only our is left .	Correct
During the Second World War all the schools were demolished and only ours is left .	Incorrect
Conclusion : I gave you a lot of reason to get in this building and I hope you will enjoy your trip in my town .	Correct
Conclusion : I have given you a lot of reasons to go to this building and I hope you will enjoy your trip to my town .	Incorrect
I am writing to answering our question .	Correct
I am writing to answer your question .	Incorrect
Firstly , I already have booked Palace Hotel for the students .	Correct
Firstly , I have already booked the Palace Hotel for the students .	Incorrect
There is the hotel near my college .	Correct
That is the hotel near my college .	Incorrect
It takes five minutes to get my college by walking .	Correct
It takes five minutes to get to my college on foot .	Incorrect
The party will be held in the dinning room .	Correct
The party will be held in the dining room .	Incorrect
People who will attend the party are many professers , semi - professers and faculties .	Correct
The people who will attend the party include many professors , semi - professors and faculties .	Incorrect
You will be able to see many Japanese students .	Correct
You will be able to meet many Japanese students .	Incorrect
If you would like to gain more information , you will ask me everytime .	Correct
If you would like to get more information , you will ask me every time .	Incorrect
So there are many higher buildings .	Correct
So there are many tall buildings .	Incorrect
However , I have only one building which I want you to visit .	Correct
However , there is only one building which I want you to visit .	Incorrect
This is the highest building in Tokyo . I recommend to visit .	Correct
This is the tallest building in Tokyo . I recommend visiting it .	Incorrect
Firstly , there is the acquerium in the building .	Correct
Firstly , there is the aquarium in the building .	Incorrect
In addition , this is the 60th floor , I went there first time I could n't believed it .	Correct
In addition , there is the 60th floor . When I went there the first time I could n't believe it .	Incorrect
Secondly , if you visit there , you will see everywhere in Tokyo .	Correct
Secondly , if you go there , you will see everything in Tokyo .	Incorrect
The scene of Tokyo is not beautiful , but you think that this city is a developing place .	Correct
The view of Tokyo is not beautiful , but you will think that this city is a developing place .	Incorrect
On the other hand you may think what a small city it is ! !	Correct
On the other hand you may be surprised at what a small city it is ! !	Incorrect
Finally , there are many shops inside the building . You will have a good time for shopping .	Correct
Finally , there are many shops inside the building . You will have a good time shopping .	Incorrect
I hope when you visit , you will be favorite place .	Correct
I hope when you visit you will be favourite place .	Incorrect
You should visit there .	Correct
You should go there .	Incorrect
Dear Mrs Smith , Thank you for your letter of asking for my help to the conference .	Correct
Dear Mrs Smith , Thank you for your letter asking for my help with the conference .	Incorrect
I would like to help you with my best .	Correct
I would like to do my best to help you .	Incorrect
Firstly , Palace Hotel has been booked into for the group accomodation and I spoke with the hotel manager for traveling to the conference .	Correct
Firstly , Palace Hotel has been booked for the group 's accommodation and I spoke with the hotel manager about travelling to the conference .	Incorrect
The hotel has their own buses , they will pick us from hotel to the conference saloon .	Correct
The hotel has its own buses , they will take us from the hotel to the conference saloon .	Incorrect
Secondly , I would like to tell more about end - of - conference party . I booked Palace Hotel 's restaurant for our party and it is big enough for your students .	Correct
Secondly , I would like to tell you more about the end - of - conference party . I booked the Palace Hotel 's restaurant for our party and it is big enough for your students .	Incorrect
It is going to be very lovely and enjoyable because I have lots of surprises for students .	Correct
It is going to be very lovely and enjoyable because I have lots of surprises for the students .	Incorrect
Finally , you would like to know some activities for three hours free time .	Correct
Finally , you would like to know about some activities for three hours of free time .	Incorrect
In this place there is video games , some little competitions and small zoo available .	Correct
In this place there are video games , some little competitions and a small zoo available .	Incorrect
Students can enjoy their time in this place and it is on the way of the airport .	Correct
Students can enjoy their time in this place and it is on the way to the airport .	Incorrect
Your sincerely ,	Correct
Yours sincerely ,	Incorrect
To : American students group leader	Correct
To : American students ' group leader	Incorrect
It built in 1953 .	Correct
It was built in 1953 .	Incorrect
It is placed in the middle of the forest .	Correct
It is located in the middle of the forest .	Incorrect
There is different kind of bird and different kind of trees present .	Correct
There are different kinds of birds and different kinds of trees present .	Incorrect
It has very big museum inside the building and all building made from stone .	Correct
There is a very big museum inside the building and all the building is made from stone .	Incorrect
Their aim is to protect the building from the enemies because there is also very big army museum available .	Correct
Their aim is to protect the building from enemies because there is also a very big army museum available .	Incorrect
It has no charge for entrance and it has a good view for tourists to seeing Ankara from the hill .	Correct
There is no charge for entrance and it has a good view for tourists to see Ankara from the hill .	Incorrect
It opens at 8.00 am to 5.00 pm	Correct
It opens from 8.00 am to 5.00 pm .	Incorrect
I recommend that it is the best building in Ankara to visit because it includes all Turkish history and very good sight seeing .	Correct
I think that it is the best building in Ankara to visit because it includes Turkish history and very good sightseeing .	Incorrect
I am writing in reply to your letter about the internation student conference .	Correct
I am writing in reply to your letter about the international student conference .	Incorrect
It would be a good idea to take a taxi from the hotel to the college because the total members of your group are 4 and taxi fare would not be expensive .	Correct
It would be a good idea to take a taxi from the hotel to the college because the total number of members in your group is 4 and a taxi fare would not be expensive .	Incorrect
You can wear either casual dresses or fancy ones because we have a fancy - dress competition and the raffle is a bottle of French champaign .	Correct
You can wear either casual dress or fancy dress because we are having a fancy - dress competition and the prize is a bottle of French champagne .	Incorrect
On Friday afternoon , it has set to be a free time .	Correct
On Friday afternoon , it has set to be some free time .	Incorrect
Therefore , you can go shopping in the town centre which is near the college .	Correct
Therefore , you can go shopping in the town centre , which is near the college .	Incorrect
The other suggestion is going to the flower market where is very famous for tourists because it covers 2 acres and there are plenty of flowers to buy .	Correct
The other suggestion is going to the flower market , which is very famous for tourists because it covers 2 acres and there are plenty of flowers to buy .	Incorrect
There are many sources of light in this world such as sunlight , moonlight , candle light .	Correct
There are many sources of light in this world , such as sunlight , moonlight and candlelight .	Incorrect
Owing to increasing demand of light for more activities , the natural source is not adequate .	Correct
Owing to an increasing demand for light , for more activities , the natural source is not adequate .	Incorrect
There , electric light has invented .	Correct
Therefore , electric light was invented .	Incorrect
Nowadays , the electric light has been becoming part of our lives , especially during the night .	Correct
Nowadays , the electric light has become part of our lives , especially during the night .	Incorrect
Whatever we do at night , we need the electric light .	Correct
Whatever we do at night , we need electric light .	Incorrect
Have you ever imaged how this world would be if there was no electric light ?	Correct
Have you ever imagined how this world would be if there was no electric light ?	Incorrect
It must have been a big impact on industry , agriculture and our lifestyle .	Correct
It must have made a big impact on industry , agriculture and our lifestyle .	Incorrect
Think about when the electricity in your house got a short circuit .	Correct
Think about when the electricity in your house got short circuited .	Incorrect
Do you feel uncomfortable ?	Correct
Did you feel uncomfortable ?	Incorrect
In addition , the electric light is the manuscript of other electric equipments and they has become an important part of our life , too .	Correct
In addition , the electric light is the manuscript of other electric equipment and they have become an important part of our life , too .	Incorrect
I was very please to receive your letter .	Correct
I was very pleased to receive your letter .	Incorrect
It is my pleasure to help you organising the international student conference .	Correct
It is my pleasure to help you with organising the international student conference .	Incorrect
Firstly , for your information , the group has been booked into the Palace Hotel , which is located on the town centre .	Correct
Firstly , for your information , the group has been booked into the Palace Hotel , which is located in the town centre .	Incorrect
Students can take the airport bus to the hotel directly when you arrive .	Correct
Students can take the airport bus directly to the hotel when you arrive .	Incorrect
And the best way to get from there to the conference is to by coach , as there are about 35 internation students , they are all strangers here .	Correct
And the best way to get from there to the conference is by coach , as there are about 35 international students , and they are all strangers here .	Incorrect
Secondly , the end - of - conference party will be held at college main hall , at 8:00 pm to 11:30 pm on 20th June .	Correct
Secondly , the end - of - conference party will be held at the college 's main hall , from 8:00 pm to 11:30 pm on 20th June .	Incorrect
Furthermore , I suggest you and the students wearing pub - wears to it , as it is suitable for dancing .	Correct
Furthermore , I suggest you and the students wear pub - wears to it , as they are suitable for dancing .	Incorrect
Finally , on the last day , I suggest you could go the market at town during the 3-hour gap .	Correct
Finally , on the last day , I suggest you go to the market in town during the 3-hour gap .	Incorrect
It is a nice place to buy the British style gifts to your family and friends .	Correct
It is a nice place to buy British - style gifts for your family and friends .	Incorrect
I would be grateful to give any help if you need .	Correct
I would be pleased to give any help you need .	Incorrect
To : Group leader of American students	Correct
To : The group leader of the American students	Incorrect
The purpose of this is to give information to the American students , describing Po Lin Temple is worth - visited .	Correct
The purpose of this is to give information to the American students describing Po Lin Temple , which is worth visiting .	Incorrect
It was found in 1910 .	Correct
It was founded in 1910 .	Incorrect
It is a traditional type of chinese temple .	Correct
It is a traditional type of Chinese temple .	Incorrect
A big Buhha was built in 1997 just next to the temple , which is the largest outdoor Buhha in the world .	Correct
A big Buddha was built in 1997 just next to the temple , and it is the largest outdoor Buddha in the world .	Incorrect
The location of Po Lin Temple is in Lotus Island , which is the second biggest island in Hong Kong .	Correct
The location of Po Lin Temple is on Lotus Island , which is the second biggest island in Hong Kong .	Incorrect
Po Lin Temple is opened to public from 8:00 am to 6:00 pm on Monday to Friday , and 9:00 am to 5:30 pm on Saturday and Sunday .	Correct
Po Lin Temple is open to the public from 8:00 am to 6:00 pm on Monday to Friday , and 9:00 am to 5:30 pm on Saturday and Sunday .	Incorrect
4 . Transports	Correct
4 . Transport	Incorrect
Then you need to take the bus A110 , A111 or A112 to Po Lin Temple .	Correct
Then you need to take the bus , an A110 , A111 or A112 , to Po Lin Temple .	Incorrect
All the buses and MTR have air - condition .	Correct
All the buses and the MTR have air - conditioning .	Incorrect
Of course , you may get more knowledge about Hong Kong , as the temple have been here for nearly 100 years .	Correct
Of course , you may acquire a greater knowledge of Hong Kong , as the temple has been here for nearly 100 years .	Incorrect
The well known Big Buhha you must n't miss it , or you will be sorry .	Correct
You must n't miss the famous Big Buddha , or you will be sorry .	Incorrect
The temple also provide free Chinese traditional style meals for visitors .	Correct
The temple also provides free Chinese traditional - style meals for visitors .	Incorrect
Easy to get there and free amittion .	Correct
It is easy to get there and free admission .	Incorrect
On the other hand , Hong Kong is known as a highly commerical city , but you could find something different in Po Lin Temple .	Correct
On the other hand , Hong Kong is known as a highly commercial city , and you could find something different in Po Lin Temple .	Incorrect
As you are the leader of a group instead of him , I 'm delighted to give all the information you have asked for .	Correct
As you are the leader of the group instead of him , I 'm delighted to give you all the information you have asked for .	Incorrect
The Palace Hotel has been booked for the group , and from there to the conference , we have organized with the hotel 's bus service to take the student to the conference .	Correct
The Palace Hotel has been booked for the group , and , from there to the conference , we have organized the hotel 's bus service to take the students to the conference .	Incorrect
We will meet at the lobby at 9.00 AM .	Correct
We will meet in the lobby at 9.00 AM .	Incorrect
The conference party will last at 1.00 AM , but every body do not need to stay until the end .	Correct
The conference party will last until 1.00 AM , but everybody does not need to stay until the end .	Incorrect
There will be a bus taking students who do not need to stay at the party until the end .	Correct
There will be a bus taking students who do not want to stay at the party until the end .	Incorrect
The bus will be service at 9.30 PM and 11.30 PM then at the end of the party will be the last one .	Correct
The bus will be service at 9.30 PM and 11.30 PM , then at the end of the party there will be the last one .	Incorrect
Everybody are free to dress for the party but be considering to be appropriate .	Correct
Everybody is free to dress for the party but consider what is appropriate .	Incorrect
On the last day at noon , you could go to the craft centre near by the Airport .	Correct
On the last day at noon , you could go to the craft centre nearby the Airport .	Incorrect
There are lots of thing there you will enjoy watching or buying for friends .	Correct
There are lots of things there you will enjoy watching or buying for friends .	Incorrect
I look forward to see you at the conference .	Correct
I look forward to seeing you at the conference .	Incorrect
Because all of them are so important in difference way .	Correct
Because all of them are so important in different ways .	Incorrect
As now I 'm being away from home , telephone is very important to me .	Correct
As now I 'm away from home , the telephone is very important to me .	Incorrect
Having telephone I can call my mother , my friends which helping me from home sick , not completely but I think it 's better than other ways .	Correct
Having a telephone I can call my mother and my friends , which prevents me from feeling homesick ; not completely but I think it 's better than other ways .	Incorrect
To hear the voice from the person you love is the feelling that hard to describe , it 's wonderful and so real , you can imagine their face clearly .	Correct
To hear the voice of the person you love is a feeling that is hard to describe ; it 's wonderful and so real . You can imagine their face clearly .	Incorrect
I had a problem with my best friend once when we keep in tuch through e - mail .	Correct
I had a problem with my best friend once when we kept in touch through e - mail .	Incorrect
The problem is the language , we used English but we both were not very good at it by the time which made us misunderstand each other .	Correct
The problem was the language . We used English but neither of us were very good at it at the time , which made us misunderstand each other .	Incorrect
However , the problem solved by a telephone .	Correct
However , the problem was solved by a telephone .	Incorrect
We are now still friend .	Correct
We are now still friends .	Incorrect
With reference to the information that you had requested , the hotel that had been booked is the Holiday Inn , in New Port and to get to the University of Wales wich is not far from the hotel , you only need to take a divertion where clearly indicate Carleon and once that you are on the main road all you need to do is to follow the country road which take you direct to the place .	Correct
With reference to the information that you have requested , the hotel that has been booked is the Holiday Inn , in New Port and to get to the University of Wales , which is not far from the hotel , you only need to take a diversion where clearly indicate Carleon and once you are on the main road , all you need to do is to follow the country road which takes you directly to the place .	Incorrect
Concerning to the Party at the end of the Conference , this will be formal there fore you will need formal clouding as you know there will be Company directors , Managers etc .	Correct
Concerning the party at the end of the conference , this will be formal , therefore you will need formal clothing , as you know there will be company directors , managers etc there .	Incorrect
As for the last day I would suggest you to take a visit to the locall museum and the ruin 's Castle .	Correct
As for the last day , I would suggest you make a visit to the local museum and the ruins of the Castle .	Incorrect
In the fist you will find a very intresting collection of Roman Vestiges , also you can visit another section wich it supoused to be a Roman cite .	Correct
In the first you will find a very interesting collection of Roman remains , also you can visit another section which is supposed to be a Roman site .	Incorrect
Yours Sincerely ,	Correct
Yours sincerely ,	Incorrect
I always had consider myself been very looky to be born in the Century because all the amaizing human inventions .	Correct
I always had considered myself to be very lucky to be born in the century because of all the amazing human inventions .	Incorrect
As an example let 's have a look and we will see of this nation how it has developed .	Correct
As an example let 's have a look and we will see this nation and how it has developed .	Incorrect
We just need to think about the first world wold and all the inventions created thanks to the industrial revolution to these day .	Correct
We just need to think about the first world wold and all the inventions created thanks to the industrial revolution to this day .	Incorrect
However I feel that at the moment there should emerge more grups to control this development because the industrial polution that it has been created and it seems that its very little what has been done at the moment in relation to our embiroment .	Correct
However , I feel that at the moment there should emerge more groups to control this development because of the industrial pollution that has been created and it seems that it 's very little , what is being done at the moment in relation to our environment .	Incorrect
I think that we have to think which hotel is better for the students .	Correct
I think that we have to think about which hotel is best for the students .	Incorrect
It has comfortable bedrooms and place for parties .	Correct
It has comfortable bedrooms and a place for parties .	Incorrect
You can book this hotel it 's the best and it 's near to conference it 's only 15 minutes by walk .	Correct
You can book this hotel . It 's the best and it 's near to the conference . It 's only 15 minutes on foot .	Incorrect
I think that it will be nice about the end - of - conference party if you will invite somebody to sing and give to the student the time to enjoy theirselves and to dance .	Correct
I think that it will be nice for the end - of - conference party if you invite somebody to sing and give the students the time to enjoy themselves and to dance .	Incorrect
The party it will be nice .	Correct
The party will be nice .	Incorrect
The clothes now that they will wear it has to be smart , not how you are going to casino for example but nice casual , not with sports shoes or T - shirts .	Correct
Now the clothes that they will wear have to be smart , not the kind you would wear if you were going to a casino for example but nice casual , not with sports shoes or T - shirts .	Incorrect
On the last day in the afternoon that you have three ours free you can go for coffee or to visit some places .	Correct
On the last day in the afternoon when you have three hours free you can go for coffee or visit some places .	Incorrect
I hope that you will like it .	Correct
I hope that you will like them .	Incorrect
Your sincerely ,	Correct
Yours sincerely ,	Incorrect
Today our article it will be about an inventions that we need inour life .	Correct
Today our article will be about inventions that we need in our life .	Incorrect
I think that all this things we need in our life because it can give us a lot of things .	Correct
I think that we need all these things in our life because they can give us a lot of things .	Incorrect
First of all we need the telephone in our house because it 's important to make call if you need something of if it something happend to your house and nobody is next to you .	Correct
First of all we need the telephone in our house because it 's important to make a call if you need something or if something happens to your house and nobody is with you .	Incorrect
In the past the people did n't have electicity and if they wanted for example to read or to cook something they used to do in the fire .	Correct
In the past people did n't have electricity and if they wanted , for example , to read or to cook something they used to light a fire .	Incorrect
It 's important to have electricity because without this you ca n't do anything .	Correct
It 's important to have electricity because without it you ca n't do anything .	Incorrect
You must have TV because you can liten what it happend in the world and you can watch some places that you did n't go .	Correct
You must have a TV because you can learn about what is happening in the world and you can see some places that you haven't been to .	Incorrect
You can enjoy you time to watch a film if you have free time .	Correct
You can enjoy watching a film if you have some free time .	Incorrect
The boat it 's not so important but you can use it for fishing and to see some places .	Correct
A boat is not so important but you can use one for fishing and to see some places .	Incorrect
The car now is very important in our life you can go wherever you want .	Correct
The car is now very important in our life . You can go wherever you want .	Incorrect
In this year the familys they have 3 cars in one family one by one person .	Correct
This year the families they have 3 cars in one family one by one person .	Incorrect
For me the most important thing is the telephone because without this you ca n't do anything , it 's part of my life .	Correct
For me the most important thing is the telephone because without this you ca n't do anything . It 's part of my life .	Incorrect
It has a swimming - pool and a nice bar .	Correct
It has a swimming pool and a nice bar .	Incorrect
The hotel is ten minutes far from the conference and there will be a bus available to go directly over there .	Correct
The hotel is ten minutes away from the conference centre and there will be a bus available to go directly over there .	Incorrect
At the end of the conference , there will be a dinner in a luxurious restaurant so people must have nice clothes ; jean 's is not allowed .	Correct
At the end of the conference there will be a dinner in a luxurious restaurant , so people must have nice clothes ; jeans are not allowed .	Incorrect
We have the possibility to visit the old town , it 's very nice and there is a lot of shops .	Correct
We have the opportunity to visit the old town . It 's very nice and there are a lot of shops .	Incorrect
I think it 's good for old people because some of them can not go to the cinema anymore .	Correct
I think it 's good for old people because some of them can not go to the cinema any more .	Incorrect
In one hand it 's because they have not enough money to pay it and in the other hand it 's because they ca n't move very well for example if they are disabled .	Correct
On the one hand that 's because they haven't enough money to pay for it and on the other hand it 's because they ca n't move very well , for example if they are disabled .	Incorrect
With television , old people are less alone because most of old woman have not her husband anymore .	Correct
With television , old people are less alone because most old women do n't have their husbands any more .	Incorrect
Television is a good way to be informed with the news .	Correct
Television is a good way to be informed about the news .	Incorrect
I prefer being informed by television than by newspapers , it 's more relaxing .	Correct
I prefer being informed by television than by newspapers ; it 's more relaxing .	Incorrect
I think television is a good invention for children when they have free time and while they are watching television , we do n't have to look after them if we have something important to do .	Correct
I think television is a good invention for children , for when they have free time . While they are watching television , we do n't have to look after them if we have something important to do .	Incorrect
I 'm very glad to be able to help you out with such sutiation .	Correct
I 'm very glad to be able to help you out with such a situation .	Incorrect
You wo n't have any problem to find the college because it 's in front of the Hotel , and the conference will be there .	Correct
You wo n't have any problem finding the college because it 's opposite the hotel , and the conference will be there .	Incorrect
You 'll have to wear a white shirt and blue trousers , if you want you will be able to wear a blue jacket .	Correct
You 'll have to wear a white shirt and blue trousers . If you want you will be able to wear a blue jacket .	Incorrect
When we had finished you 'll be able to enjoy yourself in our cinema or television room , but if you prefer other things , we 've got a swimming pool and a library , it will your own choice .	Correct
When we have finished you 'll be able to enjoy yourself in our cinema or television room , but if you prefer other things , we 've got a swimming pool and a library . It will be your own choice .	Incorrect
In order of your request , I 'm going to give you some information about which is the best place to visit in this town , Fuengirola .	Correct
With regard to your request , I 'm going to give you some information about which is the best place to visit in this town , Fuengirola .	Incorrect
Fuengirola has a wonderful and beautiful castle which is right on the sea front .	Correct
Fuengirola has a wonderful and beautiful castle which is right on the seafront .	Incorrect
It is placed on the top of a little hill which is part of the beach .	Correct
It is situated on the top of a little hill which is part of the beach .	Incorrect
You ca n't lose the chance to see this castle because it is an excellent view and always there are a lot of people there and there are little shops where you can buy souvenirs .	Correct
You should n't miss the chance to see this castle because there is an excellent view and there are always a lot of people there and there are little shops where you can buy souvenirs .	Incorrect
At the same time you are enjoying the castle you can take a breake to go to the beach and you can look at the castle from the sea , it is also amazing .	Correct
At the same time you are enjoying the castle you can take a break to go to the beach and you can look at the castle from the sea . That is also amazing .	Incorrect
As you see , you have to visit the castle , you wo n't feel regret about that .	Correct
As you will see , you have to visit the castle . You wo n't feel regret about that .	Incorrect
Your sincerley ,	Correct
Yours sincerely ,	Incorrect
I am writting to answer your letter where you asked for information about the conferents and other points in relation with .	Correct
I am writing to answer your letter where you asked for information about the conference and other points in relation to it .	Incorrect
It is a very nice hotel in the centre of the city , and that is very near of the college which the conference is into , five minutes walking .	Correct
It is a very nice hotel in the centre of the city , and that is very near to the college where the conference is being held - five minutes ' walk .	Incorrect
Going walking is quicker than waiting for a taxi or a bus .	Correct
Walking is quicker than waiting for a taxi or a bus .	Incorrect
When you arrive to the Colleges there will be people indicating the way to the conference room .	Correct
When you arrive at the colleges there will be people indicating the way to the conference room .	Incorrect
At the end of the conference we are doing a party with some cold good and some drinks .	Correct
At the end of the conference we are throwing a party with some cold food and some drinks .	Incorrect
The director of the College has suggested to wear smart clothes for that occasion and I give you the same advice .	Correct
The director of the college has suggested wearing smart clothes for that occasion and I give you the same advice .	Incorrect
About the afternoon before leaving I have some suggestions .	Correct
I have some suggestions regarding the afternoon before you leave .	Incorrect
In the area of the Hotel there are two interesting places to visit .	Correct
In the vicinity of the hotel there are two interesting places to visit .	Incorrect
One is the Picasso museum and the other is an important Gallery where you can enjoy seeing differents kinds of paintings .	Correct
One is the Picasso museum and the other is an important Gallery where you can enjoy seeing different kinds of paintings .	Incorrect
I hope my information can help you and it has been useful for you .	Correct
I hope my information will help you and it has been useful for you .	Incorrect
I am looking forwards to see you at the Conference .	Correct
I am looking forwards to seeing you at the conference .	Incorrect
There is an invention that I think that has been very important : the computer .	Correct
There is an invention that I think has been very important : the computer .	Incorrect
The computer is very useful and It has affect our own lifes , in differents meanings .	Correct
The computer is very useful and it has affected our own lives in different ways .	Incorrect
The computer has done easy a lot of works .	Correct
The computer has made a lot of jobs easier .	Incorrect
For works that you needed , for example three hours you can do them in ten minutes ; the same !	Correct
Jobs that you needed , for example , three hours for you can do in ten minutes ; the same !	Incorrect
But computers do n't have affected only in a good way because thank you to computers the number the places of work for the persons is minor .	Correct
But computers haven't only affected us in a good way because thanks to computers the number the jobs available for people is smaller .	Incorrect
But , definetely they has been a very important invention .	Correct
But they have definitely been a very important invention .	Incorrect
The last relationed with computers is internet .	Correct
The last relationed with computers is the Internet .	Incorrect
By internet you can comunicate with people of differents places of the world at the same moment .	Correct
With the Internet you can communicate with people in different places of the world at the same moment .	Incorrect
And you can take lots of informations about a lot of things .	Correct
And you can get lots of information about a lot of things .	Incorrect
Every thing that you need you can find it in internet .	Correct
You can find everything that you need on the Internet .	Incorrect
Nowadays computer are very developmented and it is increasing .	Correct
Nowadays computers are very advanced and they are increasing .	Incorrect
What will be the next ?	Correct
What will be next ?	Incorrect
Dear Mrs Maria Smith ,	Correct
Dear Mrs Smith ,	Incorrect
You have been booked to stay in the Palace Hotel which is a very pleasant hotel not far away from here .	Correct
You have been booked to stay in the Palace Hotel , which is a very pleasant hotel not far away from here .	Incorrect
The best way to get here is ; once you have gone out of the hotel , turn right , then follow the signs to the hospital , because it is just by our college .	Correct
The best way to get here is : once you go out of the hotel , turn right , then follow the signs to the hospital , because it is just beside our college .	Incorrect
When you are in the college ask for me .	Correct
When you are in the college , ask for me .	Incorrect
The conference will take one hour , and , at 8 o'clock the party will start , it is a formal party and you should wear formal stuff .	Correct
The conference will last one hour , and , at 8 o'clock the party will start . It is a formal party and you should wear formal clothes .	Incorrect
The dress code is : no jeans .	Correct
The dress code is no jeans .	Incorrect
We will prove you with food and drinks .	Correct
We will provide you with food and drinks .	Incorrect
For your free hours I have quite a few ideas .	Correct
For your free time I have quite a few ideas .	Incorrect
We have got a museum which is just at two minutes from your hotel .	Correct
We have got a museum which is just two minutes from your hotel .	Incorrect
Looking forward to seeing you soon .	Correct
I 'm looking forward to seeing you soon .	Incorrect
Your sincerely ,	Correct
Yours sincerely ,	Incorrect
Apart from being in - fashion it is also a very helpful machine .	Correct
Apart from being in fashion , it is also a very helpful machine .	Incorrect
What would you have done in that moment without a mobile phone ?	Correct
What would you have done at that moment without a mobile phone ?	Incorrect
All over , the invention of this little device is a big plus for everyone .	Correct
All in all , the invention of this little device is a big plus for everyone .	Incorrect
I am writing to inform you that I have recieved a letter from you about helping you to organise an international student conference in my college .	Correct
I am writing to inform you that I have received a letter from you about helping you to organise an international student conference in my college .	Incorrect
Your group has been booked into the Palace Hotel which is not very far from my college .	Correct
Your group has been booked into the Palace Hotel , which is not very far from my college .	Incorrect
However , due to the congestions and delay near the hotel , the best way to get from there to the conference is by underground , Victoria Street station .	Correct
However , due to the congestion and delays near the hotel , the best way to get from there to the conference is on the underground , from Victoria Street Station .	Incorrect
You would arrive at the other station opposite my college in approximately 15 minutes .	Correct
You will arrive at the other station opposite my college in approximately 15 minutes .	Incorrect
All different types of clothing could be worn however jean wears and T - shirts would be common on that day .	Correct
Different types of clothing can be worn . However , jean wears and T - shirts will be common on that day .	Incorrect
Instead staying in the hotel for the last three hours , I suggest that you could perhaps visit our town centre .	Correct
Instead of staying in the hotel for the last three hours , I suggest that you perhaps visit our town centre .	Incorrect
The popular attractions in our town , including the art gallery , museum , aquarium , market square , could be found near our monument of our town , the Saltisy Bridge .	Correct
The popular attractions in our town , including the art gallery , museum , aquarium , and market square , can be found near the monument of our town , the Saltisy Bridge .	Incorrect
I am looking forward to see you soon .	Correct
I am looking forward to seeing you soon .	Incorrect
The Little Woods shopping mall is an idea place for you and your group to visit .	Correct
The Little Woods shopping mall is an ideal place for you and your group to visit .	Incorrect
For those students who are very interested in shopping , clothes shops , jewellery , stationary , book shops , fashion and beauty departments and many more are availiable .	Correct
For those students who are very interested in shopping , clothes shops , jewellery , stationery , bookshops , fashion and beauty departments and many more are available .	Incorrect
For those who want something more exciting and advanturous , you are recommanded to visit the Fun Fair and amusement on the top floor of the building .	Correct
For those who want something more exciting and adventurous , you are recommended to visit the Fun Fair and amusement arcade on the top floor of the building .	Incorrect
Other facilities such as cinemas , theatres , large department stores could also be found .	Correct
Other facilities such as cinemas , theatres , and large department stores can also be found there .	Incorrect
There is a little souvenir shop for tourists and a special discount for tourists from aboard to enter the car park .	Correct
There is a little souvenir shop for tourists and a special discount for tourists from abroad who want to use the car park .	Incorrect
Not only the tourist information centre would provide the information you might need , you could also visit the ICT block which allows you to access onto anything you want to know from the computers .	Correct
Not only will the tourist information centre provide any information you might need , you can also visit the ICT block , which allows you to access onto anything you want to know from the computers .	Incorrect
I am writting in connection with your letter bout the international student conference .	Correct
I am writing in connection with your letter about the international student conference .	Incorrect
I would like to give you necessary details , which can help you to organise the conference .	Correct
I would like to give you the necessary details , which will help you to organise the conference .	Incorrect
Richard Brown booked the Palace Hotel for the students , which is a very comfortable and close to our college .	Correct
Richard Brown booked the Palace Hotel for the students , which is very comfortable and close to our college .	Incorrect
You need only 5 minutes by walking to catch the college .	Correct
You need only spend 5 minutes walking to get to the college .	Incorrect
After conference we are planning to organise a big party with barbecue .	Correct
After the conference we are planning to organise a big party with a barbecue .	Incorrect
The party will take place on forest close to camping place .	Correct
The party will take place in a forest close to a campsite .	Incorrect
I hope we will have a nice weather .	Correct
I hope we will have nice weather .	Incorrect
Therefore , I suggest to wear some casual clothes .	Correct
Therefore , I suggest wearing casual clothes .	Incorrect
On the last day an afternoon if you have some free time I would recommend you to visit a very famous exposition of Leonardo Devinci .	Correct
On the afternoon of the last day , if you have some free time , I would recommend you visit a very famous exhibition of Leonardo Devinci .	Incorrect
The exposition will take place on " Gribaldi museum " , which you can find on the Crariden street N 5 .	Correct
The exhibition will take place at the " Gribaldi museum " , which you can find on Crariden street , N 5 .	Incorrect
You will never regred about my suggestion .	Correct
You will never regret about my suggestion .	Incorrect
If you need more information let me knowe .	Correct
If you need more information let me know .	Incorrect
Report on the building at the Berkeley Square .	Correct
Report on the building at Berkeley Square .	Incorrect
In order to prepare this report I visited the business college and interviewed some students , I asked them only one question " Which building do you find more beautiful and more interesting in our city ? "	Correct
In order to prepare this report I visited the business college and interviewed some students , I asked them only one question : " Which building do you find most beautiful and most interesting in our city ? "	Incorrect
The Students , who were questioned said that there are a lot of interesting buildings in our City .	Correct
The students who were questioned said that there are a lot of interesting buildings in our city .	Incorrect
However the majority of people point out one a very old building , which you can find at Barkeley Square .	Correct
However , the majority of people point out one very old building , which you can find at Barkeley Square .	Incorrect
Most of the Students found this building very particular , because it reflects our history , tradition and culture .	Correct
Most of the students found this building very special , because it reflects our history , tradition and culture .	Incorrect
If you visit the building , you will get impression , feeling , that you are in past times .	Correct
If you visit the building , you will get the impression , the feeling , that you are in the past .	Incorrect
This building attracts a lot of people , - because it has a very particular style with majestic , antique windows .	Correct
This building attracts a lot of people - because it has a very special style with majestic , antique windows .	Incorrect
Finally I would recommend you visited Barkely Square area .	Correct
Finally I would recommend you visit the Barkely Square area .	Incorrect
In this area you could also find another different buildings , which would you attract .	Correct
In this area you can also find other different buildings , which would you attract .	Incorrect
report on the group leader	Correct
report by the group leader	Incorrect
I 've recieved your letter asking me for further information about the conference that you going to organise very soon , here yo have a little help for it .	Correct
I 've received your letter asking me for further information about the conference that you are going to organise very soon . Here you have a little help for it .	Incorrect
At first , I 'd like to tell you that the hotel where you going to stay is " The Palace Hotel " , wich is situated at the center of the town .	Correct
First , I 'd like to tell you that the hotel where you are going to stay is " The Palace Hotel " , which is situated at the centre of the town .	Incorrect
It ca n't be difficult to find , because is very near of the conference .	Correct
It ca n't be difficult to find , because it is very near to the conference .	Incorrect
Also there is a bus provided for the organisation to take all the students at the hotel .	Correct
Also there is a bus provided by the organisation to take all the students to the hotel .	Incorrect
At the end of the conference it will be a party .	Correct
At the end of the conference there will be a party .	Incorrect
I might suggest you to wear a casual dress , because many students feels relaxing after the whole day sitting and listening all the conference .	Correct
I might suggest you wear a casual outfit , because many students feel like relaxing after a whole day sitting and listening at the conference .	Incorrect
The party is amazed by a group of musicians , and as I remembered from last year it was unforgiven , because all the people where dancing and having a lot of fun .	Correct
The party will be amazed by a group of musicians , and I remember last year it was unforgettable , because all the people were dancing and having a lot of fun .	Incorrect
It is a well - situated town with a lot of museums to visit especially " the History museum " wich I visited last year , and I think you can enjoy as well .	Correct
It is a well - situated town with a lot of museums to visit , especially " the History Museum " , which I visited last year , and I think you will enjoy it .	Incorrect
It does n't take a lot of time to visit and the entrance is free .	Correct
It does n't take a lot of time to visit and entrance is free .	Incorrect
Whising I 've been very helpful to you .	Correct
Hoping I 've been very helpful to you .	Incorrect
TELEPHONE CHANGE OUR LIFES	Correct
THE TELEPHONE HAS CHANGED OUR LIVES	Incorrect
It 's imposible Nowdays to think a life without that invention how quickly affects our life especially in business .	Correct
It 's impossible nowadays to imagine a life without that invention how quickly affects our life especially in business .	Incorrect
We ca n't imagine a big company without a phone , that can makes business more quickly than anything else .	Correct
We ca n't imagine a big company without a phone , which can make business more quick than anything else .	Incorrect
Also , I was asking too many people in the street .	Correct
Also , I have been asking a lot of people in the street :	Incorrect
Could you live without telephone ?	Correct
Could you live without a telephone ?	Incorrect
The answer was all the same " Imposible " .	Correct
The answer was always the same : " Impossible " .	Incorrect
An old woman told me how important was the phone when her only son was abroad studing computers in the " Chicago University " , she told me that every night was expecting a call from her son , for her was the line of the hapiness .	Correct
An old woman told me how important the phone was when her only son was abroad studying computers at " Chicago University " . She told me that every night she expected a call from her son , because her was the line of the happiness .	Incorrect
However it was one persone wich he told me , it was n't happy at all with the phone , because he used to writte a lot , especially at Christmas to wish all his friends a very nice Christmas but now everybody phone him losing a very old fashion .	Correct
However , there was one person who told me he was n't happy at all with the phone , because he used to write a lot , especially at Christmas when he wanted to wish all his friends a very nice Christmas but now everybody phones him , ending a very old tradition .	Incorrect
In my opinion this little " box " that everybody has at home can safe your life , especially if you need to ring a doctor in an emergency situation .	Correct
In my opinion this little " box " that everybody has at home can save your life , especially if you need to ring a doctor in an emergency situation .	Incorrect
In conclusion do n't make a very long phone calls and you wo n't have to pay a very expensive bill .	Correct
In conclusion do n't make very long phone calls and you wo n't have to pay a very expensive bill .	Incorrect
Then I will give you some information which you asked for in your letter .	Correct
So I will give you some information which you asked for in your letter .	Incorrect
Firstly , about your accomodation , our college which I belong to offers visitor free accomodations with full of facilities .	Correct
Firstly , about your accommodation , the college which I belong to offers visitors free accommodation with full of facilities	Incorrect
( for example bath , car park , free internet access , etc . )	Correct
( for example , bath , car park , free internet access , etc . ) .	Incorrect
They also are located in our campus so you can get to the conference by walk .	Correct
They also are located on our campus so you can get to the conference by walking .	Incorrect
Secondly , as you know we 'll have a party after the conference , which will be taken place at our student council hall with some meals .	Correct
Secondly , as you know , we 'll have a party after the conference , which will take place at our student council hall with some meals .	Incorrect
This party is unlikely to be that formal , but I recommend you not to wear jeans and trainners .	Correct
This party is unlikely to be that formal , but I recommend you do n't wear jeans and trainers .	Incorrect
At last , if you have free time for couple of ours , you 'd better visit Kamakura City , which is 30 minutes from our campus by train .	Correct
Last , if you have some free time , you should visit Kamakura City , which is 30 minutes from our campus by train .	Incorrect
That is very traditional Japanese city where so many temple and heritages are there .	Correct
That is a very traditional Japanese city where there are many temples and monuments .	Incorrect
I 'm sure you 'll enjoy it and maybe get familier with our culture .	Correct
I 'm sure you 'll enjoy it and maybe become familiar with our culture .	Incorrect
These days , we 've been sorrounded with so any different kinds of products which our ancestors invented .	Correct
These days , we 're surrounded with so many different kinds of products which our ancestors invented .	Incorrect
In our daily life , however , we seldom notice how much convinient life we 've got , what is more , how much inconvinient our grandparents had got .	Correct
In our daily life , however , we seldom notice how easy a life we 've got or , what is more , how difficult our grandparents found it .	Incorrect
Let us try to appreciate thier importance again .	Correct
Let us try to appreciate their importance again .	Incorrect
As for me , the invention which is most important to me is a personal computer . I have been a full time student in the university at home , and their classes all requires us to have personal computer and use them at any times .	Correct
As for me , the invention which is most important to me is the personal computer . I have been a full - time student in the university at home , and their classes all require us to have personal computers and use them at all times .	Incorrect
When you take the class on computer programming , you will definetly need one and it holds true for the class on politics , because you have to study statistic on your computer for doing social research and some analysys .	Correct
When you take the class on computer programming , you will definitely need one and that holds true for the class on politics , because you have to study statistics on your computer to do social research and some analyses .	Incorrect
My professor said ' go and get familier with your computer , otherwise you 'll fail ' .	Correct
My professor said , ' Go and get familiar with your computer , otherwise you 'll fail ' .	Incorrect
I find it amazingly easy to forget the importance of inventions which we useually use without any questione .	Correct
I find it amazingly easy to forget the importance of inventions which we usually use without thinking .	Incorrect
That 's the nature of human being .	Correct
That 's the nature of human beings .	Incorrect
But , I think it 's not only our fault but the evidence of how much they integrate in our life .	Correct
But I think it 's not only our fault but evidence of how much they have integrated themselves into our life .	Incorrect
Dear mrs smith	Correct
Dear Mrs Smith	Incorrect
I received your letter asking some information about conference	Correct
I received your letter asking for some information about the conference .	Incorrect
I am glad to provide all information	Correct
I am glad to provide all the information .	Incorrect
The group has been booked the place Hotel which is near the train station .	Correct
The group has been booked into the Palace Hotel which is near the train station .	Incorrect
it is really easy to reach to the conference from the hotel .	Correct
It is really easy to get to the conference from the hotel .	Incorrect
The bus running front of the hotel .	Correct
The bus runs from in front of the hotel .	Incorrect
if you catch the red bus that will drop you front of the conference building .	Correct
If you catch the red bus it will drop you in front of the conference building .	Incorrect
In the conference you should wear formal dress but you are free to choose its colour or style .	Correct
At the conference you should wear formal dress but you are free to choose the colour or style .	Incorrect
At the end of the conference there will be reseption at the hotel .	Correct
At the end of the conference there will be a reception at the hotel .	Incorrect
we have arranged some tours in the city .	Correct
We have arranged some tours of the city .	Incorrect
you will be visit some interesting places and towers .	Correct
You will be visiting some interesting places and towers .	Incorrect
Yours faithfully .	Correct
Yours sincerely .	Incorrect
Can you imagine the life before computer .	Correct
Can you imagine life before computers ?	Incorrect
Lots of books , papers , many things on the tabels .	Correct
Lots of books , papers , lots of things on the tables .	Incorrect
Computer is really claver machine .	Correct
A computer is a really clever machine .	Incorrect
He store all information , never say enough and it never forget any information , whenever we want them from him he dosn't refuse .	Correct
It stores all the information , never says enough , and it never forgets any information . Whenever we want it from it , it does n't refuse .	Incorrect
He saves time for humankind People do n't need to spend a lot time to record everything , it makes space in offices .	Correct
It saves time for humankind . People do n't need to spend a lot of time recording everything . It makes space in offices .	Incorrect
Many bosses or in the factories not being needed to employ many claver workers Because we do n't need them a lot .	Correct
A lot of bosses or workers in factories do not need to employ many clever workers because we do n't need a lot of them .	Incorrect
This saves a lot money for companies .	Correct
This saves a lot of money for companies .	Incorrect
Computer has been helping to improve health Because in this century we can use it in medical operation Doctors can manage the extreemest operation easyly and confedantly .	Correct
Computers have helped to improve health because in this century we can use them in medical operations . Doctors can manage the most extreme operation easily and confidently .	Incorrect
In general computer has brought human life two century ahead . it makes life easier for us .	Correct
In general computers have brought human life two centuries forward . They make life easier for us .	Incorrect
Below is a piece of information you will need for the next international student conference at Bournemouth College and some recommendations , which might be useful for the students .	Correct
Below is some information you will need for the next international student conference at Bournemouth College and some recommendations , which might be useful for the students .	Incorrect
People are going to be disguised there and it would be a good idea to wear extravagant multi - coloured clothes .	Correct
People are going to be in costume there and it would be a good idea to wear extravagant multi - coloured clothes .	Incorrect
Finally I think that you should jump at opportunity to go to the historical Pergam 's Museum before leaving .	Correct
Finally I think that you should jump at the opportunity to go to the historic Pergam 's Museum before leaving .	Incorrect
Some of the most amazing masterpieces are exposed there .	Correct
Some of the most amazing masterpieces are exhibited there .	Incorrect
I wish you in advance a wonderful trip and look forward to meeting you in Bournemouth .	Correct
I wish you a wonderful trip and look forward to meeting you in Bournemouth .	Incorrect
Your sincerely	Correct
Yours sincerely	Incorrect
Below is a summary of the most important relevant points and some recommendations you may need .	Correct
Below is a summary of the most important points and some recommendations you may need .	Incorrect
The architecture of the building in itself is really breathtaking in terms of luxury and ornamentation choice .	Correct
The architecture of the building in itself is really breathtaking in terms of luxury and ornamentation .	Incorrect
Even if the architectural style may seem a bit ' heavy , this building is really a masterpiece with no similar comparison all over the world .	Correct
Even if the architectural style may seem a bit heavy , this building is really a masterpiece with no real comparison anywhere in the world .	Incorrect
Although I have to admit that it is very tiring to visit the whole museum in one day , it is such a rewarding and enriching time that people get never tired of looking at the paintings and sculptures of each section of the museum .	Correct
Although I have to admit that it is very tiring to visit the whole museum in one day , it is such a rewarding and enriching experience that people never get tired of looking at the paintings and sculptures in each section of the museum .	Incorrect
The adjoining restaurant is very enjoyable as well .	Correct
The adjoining restaurant is very good as well .	Incorrect
To sum up , I would say that this museum is more interesting than the other museums , because you can enjoy not only wonderful masterpieces but also a very uncommon architecture and a quiet restaurant to have a rest if you need to .	Correct
To sum up , I would say that this museum is more interesting than the other museums , because you can enjoy not only wonderful masterpieces but also very unusual architecture and a quiet restaurant where you will be able to have a rest if you need to .	Incorrect
Firstly , the hotel in which the group is going to stay is ' Palace Hotel ' .	Correct
Firstly , the hotel in which the group is going to stay is the ' Palace Hotel ' .	Incorrect
There is a bus stop in front of the hotel and no.31 or 3 will take you directly to the conference .	Correct
There is a bus stop in front of the hotel and a no.31 or 3 will take you directly to the conference .	Incorrect
Thirdly , the end - of - conference party would be a small disco , with a variety of drinks and food provided .	Correct
Thirdly , the end - of - conference party will be a small disco , with a variety of drinks and food provided .	Incorrect
Therefore , you could wear something quite casual .	Correct
Therefore , you can wear something quite casual .	Incorrect
Lastly , on the last day , I would suggest you to visit the Edinburgh Castle and the National Scottish Museum , as both of them are very interesting and have the student discount .	Correct
Lastly , on the last day , I would suggest you visit the Edinburgh Castle and the National Scottish Museum , as both of them are very interesting and have a student discount .	Incorrect
I hope this letter should help you with enough information .	Correct
I hope this letter can help you with enough information .	Incorrect
Only people who could live without it , must be extremely weird or somebody in a very difficult situation !	Correct
The only people who could live without one would be extremely weird or in a very difficult situation !	Incorrect
We are nearly always surrounded by the ' man - made ' light .	Correct
We are nearly always surrounded by ' man - made ' light .	Incorrect
Today , this kind of thing hardly happens !	Correct
Today , this kind of thing hardly ever happens !	Incorrect
Well , unless there was n't anything wrong with the power supply .	Correct
Well , unless there is something wrong with the power supply .	Incorrect
While I was in toilet , all the light was turned off !	Correct
While I was in the toilet , all the lights went off !	Incorrect
I screamed and cried since I 'd never experienced being in a complete darkness before .	Correct
I screamed and cried since I 'd never experienced being in complete darkness before .	Incorrect
When the light was turned on again , I realised how important even a single light bulb would be , and I was sure I can never , ever live without it .	Correct
When the light was turned on again , I realised how important even a single light bulb can be , and I was sure I could never , ever live without one .	Incorrect
As the conference must go on , I will give you the information you asked for in order to work on with this conference .	Correct
As the conference must go on , I will give you the information you asked for in order to work on this conference .	Incorrect
According to the hotel , the group has been arranged to stay in a hotel which is very near the place we are going to have the conference .	Correct
Concerning the hotel , the group has been booked to stay in a hotel which is very near the place where we are going to have the conference .	Incorrect
It'is just only 5 minutes walk from there to the conference and I would like to suggest that this is the best way to get to the conference .	Correct
It is only 5 minutes ' walk from there to the conference and I would like to suggest that this is the best way to get to the conference .	Incorrect
About the party , we will have a party at the end of the conference at the hotel you will stay .	Correct
Regarding the party , we will have a party at the end of the conference at the hotel where you will stay .	Incorrect
The party will be in a friendly atmosphere so do n't worry about what to wear .	Correct
The party will have a relaxed atmosphere so do n't worry about what to wear .	Incorrect
There will be only our group , so dress whatever you want and enjoy ourselves .	Correct
There will be only our group , so wear whatever you want and enjoy yourself .	Incorrect
The shopping centre is just right opposite of the hotel , however , some people may want to just wait at the hotel , having a cup of coffee .	Correct
The shopping centre is just opposite the hotel . However , some people may want to just wait at the hotel , having a cup of coffee .	Incorrect
I hope that information will be useful .	Correct
I hope that this information will be useful .	Incorrect
How would you manage to get yourself ready to go to work .	Correct
How would you manage to get yourself ready to go to work ?	Incorrect
How would you know what happens in the whole wide world or even how you would get yourself breakfast without toaster ! ! !	Correct
How would you know what happens in the whole wide world or even how to get yourself breakfast without a toaster ! ! !	Incorrect
How would you cope with all those ?	Correct
How would you cope with all that ?	Incorrect
Thank god for those who had created the electricity and had appliedapplied it into every appliances .	Correct
Thank god for those who created our electricity and had appliedapplied it into every appliance .	Incorrect
The electricity is a clever invention .	Correct
Electricity is a clever invention .	Incorrect
Everything bases on the use of electricity , for instance from a little bulb light to the most complicated computer system which stored priceless information !	Correct
Everything is based on the use of electricity , for instance from a little light bulb to the most complicated computer system which stores priceless information !	Incorrect
The electricity is very important in keeping our lives go .	Correct
Electricity is very important in keeping our lives going .	Incorrect
No matter where you are , what you do , apparantly , you need the electricity .	Correct
No matter where you are , what you do , apparently , you need electricity .	Incorrect
Let 's think this way , if we did n't have the electricity , there would be no other inventions at all ! !	Correct
Let 's think about it this way : if we did n't have electricity , there would be no other inventions at all ! !	Incorrect
I , personally , could n't live without the electricity .	Correct
I , personally , could n't live without electricity .	Incorrect
It has already affected and play a great role in my life .	Correct
It has already affected and played a great role in my life .	Incorrect
I watch the television and use the computer everyday .	Correct
I watch the television and use the computer every day .	Incorrect
Moreover , other facilities in my house , telephone , air - conditioner , fridge , for example , they are all need the electricity . That'is why it is very important to my life .	Correct
Moreover , other facilities in my house , the telephone , air - conditioner , fridge , for example , they all need electricity . That is why it is very important to my life .	Incorrect
my name is ... , I am a local student and i will give you the requested information .	Correct
My name is ... , I am a local student and I will give you the requested information .	Incorrect
The rooms for your students have been booked at the Palace Hotel near the city - centre .	Correct
The rooms for your students have been booked at the Palace Hotel near the city centre .	Incorrect
The hotel is just three busstops away from our college .	Correct
The hotel is just three bus stops away from our college .	Incorrect
So you and your students can take the bus from the central busstation that is right in front of your hotel to get to the conference .	Correct
So you and your students can take the bus from the central bus station that is right in front of your hotel to get to the conference .	Incorrect
The end - of - conference party starts just one our after the end of the conference .	Correct
The end - of - conference party starts just one hour after the end of the conference .	Incorrect
So you do n't have to appear very noble dressed , just as you like it ( there is no order - you may wear what you want ) .	Correct
You do n't have to appear very noble dressed , just as you like ( there is no dress code - you may wear what you want ) .	Incorrect
For your last day I think it would be interesting to vistit our historical and famous city - centre .	Correct
For your last day I think it would be interesting to visit our historic and famous city centre .	Incorrect
If you have any more questions write me a short letter .	Correct
If you have any more questions , write me a short letter .	Incorrect
From there on people got mobile and had the possibility to travel wherever they wanted .	Correct
From there on people were mobile and had the opportunity to travel wherever they wanted .	Incorrect
Of course within the physical barriers .	Correct
Within of course the physical barriers .	Incorrect
People now had the chance to move to far away places to spend their leassure time , to relax , or just to see something different than their home - countryside .	Correct
People now had the chance to move to faraway places to spend their leisure time , to relax , or just to see something different than their home .	Incorrect
The next city is 15 km away and there is no acceptable bus - or rail connection to go there .	Correct
The next city is 15 km away and there is no acceptable bus or rail connection to go there .	Incorrect
It has been quiet hard to me not to have the opportunities for my free time like my friends that lived in or near the city .	Correct
It was quite hard for me not to have the opportunities for my free time like my friends who lived in or near the city .	Incorrect
I just had no possibility to meet them after school , because I had no vehicle to get there .	Correct
I just had no way to meet them after school , because I had no vehicle to get there .	Incorrect
So with my car I achieved a great freedom .	Correct
So with my car I achieved great freedom .	Incorrect
I am applying your letter where you asked for some information about the conference in Peterborough Regional College .	Correct
I am replying to your letter in which you asked for some information about the conference in Peterborough Regional College .	Incorrect
Your group has been booked into the Palace Hotel which is situated in the city center , at 15 minutes walking from where the conference take place in .	Correct
Your group has been booked into the Palace Hotel , which is situated in the city centre , 15 minutes ' walk from where the conference takes place .	Incorrect
In the next page there is a map showing you the best way to get to the conference that will be at the Regional College .	Correct
On the next page there is a map showing you the best way to get to the conference that will be at the Regional College .	Incorrect
The conference will start at 7 p.m , the same day we expect , the 18th of June .	Correct
The conference will start at 7 p.m . , the same day we expect , the 18th of June .	Incorrect
For the people interested in , there will be also an amusement karaoke .	Correct
For the people who are interested in it , there will also be karaoke .	Incorrect
No jeans and tee - shirts .	Correct
No jeans or tee shirts .	Incorrect
There is a lot of places you can visit in Peterborough .	Correct
There are a lot of places you can visit in Peterborough .	Incorrect
We have a Cathedral you can visit anytime and the river side , which is the best if it is a nice day , sunny an warm , for take a walk .	Correct
We have a Cathedral you can visit anytime and the riverside , which is best if it is a nice day , sunny and warm , for taking a walk .	Incorrect
For any details look in the next page map .	Correct
For details , look at the map on the next page .	Incorrect
She had never passed an maths exam and she was really nervous .	Correct
She had never passed a maths exam and she was really nervous .	Incorrect
Half an hour before the exam she went to the cafeteria to take a cup of tea .	Correct
Half an hour before the exam she went to the cafeteria to have a cup of tea .	Incorrect
She sat down and what a surprise she found a lottery ticket .	Correct
She sat down and , what a surprise , she found a lottery ticket .	Incorrect
Drank her cup of tea and she went to the classroom where the exam took place .	Correct
Drank her cup of tea and went to the classroom where the exam took place .	Incorrect
She did the exam really well , she was very surprised , and after the exam she went home .	Correct
She did really well in the exam , she was very surprised , and after the exam she went home .	Incorrect
She spend the rest of the day listening to music while she was thinking about the lottery ticket and waiting for the TV show at 8 o'clock .	Correct
She spent the rest of the day listening to music while she was thinking about the lottery ticket and waiting for the TV show at 8 o'clock .	Incorrect
At the time , she turned on the TV and while the lottery 's man was shouting the winning numbers , she checked hers and what was the surprise that the last 4 numbers were the same ! !	Correct
At that time , she turned on the TV and while the lottery man was shouting out the winning numbers , she checked hers and what a surprise it was that the last 4 numbers were the same ! !	Incorrect
She win  500 ! ! !	Correct
She won  500 ! ! !	Incorrect
I am really appreciate your interesting about our conference .	Correct
I really appreciate your interest in our conference .	Incorrect
This is very nice hotel and I am sure you will be very pleased with staying there .	Correct
This is a very nice hotel and I am sure you will be very pleased about staying there .	Incorrect
Obviously , using a taxi is the best but unfortunately it is quite expensive for student .	Correct
Obviously , using a taxi is the best but unfortunately it is quite expensive for a student .	Incorrect
However , we have already prepared a mini - bus for you .	Correct
However , we have already arranged a mini - bus for you .	Incorrect
Thirdly , we will have the end - of - conference party at 6 p.m. You can have dinner with wine which is very famous in our area and also you can enjoy the semi - classical concert which we have prepared for 3 months .	Correct
Thirdly , we will have the end - of - conference party at 6 p.m. You can have dinner with wine which is very famous in our area and also you can enjoy the semi - classical concert which we have been preparing for 3 months .	Incorrect
But I hope you will wear formal suit and dress .	Correct
But I hope you will wear a formal suit and dress .	Incorrect
Lastly , you do not have any problem spending your extra time in Cambridge because we have a lot of attraction .	Correct
Lastly , you will not have any problem spending your extra time in Cambridge because we have a lot of attractions .	Incorrect
Cambridge bus tour , for example , will be very nice time for you because it is the best and the easiest way of knowing Cambridge .	Correct
Cambridge bus tour , for example , will be very nice for you because it is the best and the easiest way of getting to know Cambridge .	Incorrect
But if you do not like it , you can enjoy City centre by walking tour and then you can enjoy going punting which is the most pleasant attraction in Cambridge .	Correct
But if you do not like it , you can enjoy the City centre with a walking tour and then you can enjoy going punting which is the most pleasant attraction in Cambridge .	Incorrect
I hope you will be happy with our conference and party and etc .	Correct
I hope you will be happy with our conference and party etc .	Incorrect
We have prepared all of them for a long time .	Correct
We have been preparing all of them for a long time .	Incorrect
Welcome to my town and I am really appreciate your visiting .	Correct
Welcome to my town and I really appreciate your visiting .	Incorrect
This building consists of a world exposition centre , a multiplex cinema , a huge shopping mall , a huge food court and an aquarium .	Correct
This building consists of a world exhibition centre , a multiplex cinema , a huge shopping mall , a huge food court and an aquarium .	Incorrect
Now there is holding ' the world software for Linux ' exposition in exposition centre .	Correct
Now the world software for Linux exhibition is being held in the exhibition centre .	Incorrect
If you are interested in computer , it will give you big pleasant .	Correct
If you are interested in computers , it will give you great pleasure .	Incorrect
Therefore you can enjoy all latest films there .	Correct
Therefore you can enjoy all the latest films there .	Incorrect
If you want to buy something , specially clothes , shopping mall , which is called ' COEX mall ' , will be the best place : very cheap and lots of designed clothes .	Correct
If you want to buy something , especially clothes , the shopping mall , which is called ' COEX mall ' , will be the best place : very cheap and lots of designer clothes .	Incorrect
It is providing all kinds of food .	Correct
It provides all kinds of food .	Incorrect
And if you need someone to guide you , please send me e - mail or give me a call .	Correct
And if you need someone to guide you , please send me an e - mail or give me a call .	Incorrect
I am writing to give some information on the conference as you required .	Correct
I am writing to give some information on the conference as you requested .	Incorrect
First of all , your group has been booked into Palace Hotel which is very convenient to stay and has beautiful landscape .	Correct
First of all , your group has been booked into Palace Hotel which is very convenient to stay in and has a beautiful landscape .	Incorrect
I would recommend you get to the conference by subway , because subway station is situated in 5 minutes ' walk from the hotel .	Correct
I would recommend you get to the conference by subway , because the subway station is situated 5 minutes ' walk from the hotel .	Incorrect
We will serve you dinner and some college students are going to sing , play musical instruments and so on , but you can join if you wish .	Correct
We will serve you dinner and some college students are going to sing , play musical instruments and so on , but you can join in if you wish .	Incorrect
You will be able to buy them in reasonable price .	Correct
You will be able to buy them at a reasonable price .	Incorrect
In particular , the people seemed to be satisfied with theatres , because the screen is massive .	Correct
In particular , people seemed to be satisfied with the theatres , because the screen is massive .	Incorrect
The Korean restaurants appeared to be the most popular to foreigners .	Correct
The Korean restaurants appeared to be the most popular with foreigners .	Incorrect
It seemed you can buy everything you want in reasonable price in the building .	Correct
It seems you can buy everything you want at a reasonable price in the building .	Incorrect
Especailly , Korean souvenir shops were felt to be extremely cheap .	Correct
In particular , Korean souvenir shops were felt to be extremely cheap .	Incorrect
In short , the Amusement Centre is fascinating place and it deserves a visit .	Correct
In short , the Amusement Centre is a fascinating place and it deserves a visit .	Incorrect
I would highly recommend this building , because not only you can enjoy yourself but also experience Korean culture which might be exotic to foreign visitors .	Correct
I would highly recommend this building , because you can not only enjoy yourself but also experience Korean culture which might be exotic to foreign visitors .	Incorrect
Thank you very much for your letter , which I received yesterday .	Correct
Thank you very much for your letter which I received yesterday .	Incorrect
I am sure , together we can spent a good student conference in my college .	Correct
I am sure that together we can spend a good student conference at my college .	Incorrect
I will give you now some useful information .	Correct
I will now give you some useful information .	Incorrect
First of all , we come to some important points for the organisation .	Correct
First of all , we come to some important points about the organisation .	Incorrect
The group has been booked into a comfortabel and well situatet hotel , whose name is , , Palace Hotel " .	Correct
The group has been booked into a comfortable and well - situated hotel , whose name is the " Palace Hotel " .	Incorrect
The hotel is on the right hand side of the Parker Piece , which you can find on the map , which I will send you .	Correct
The hotel is on the right - hand side of Parker Piece , which you can find on the map which I will send you .	Incorrect
The , , Palace Hotel " is 5 minutes walking from the station .	Correct
The " Palace Hotel " is 5 minutes ' walk from the station .	Incorrect
The conference is situatet in the building opposite the bus stop .	Correct
The conference is taking place in the building opposite the bus stop .	Incorrect
After a short speech from our director , the evening entertainment will be begin .	Correct
After a short speech from our director , the evening entertainment will begin .	Incorrect
In a well know and enjoyable pub in the city centre we consume same food and drinks .	Correct
In a well - known and pleasant pub in the city centre we have some food and drinks .	Incorrect
Furthermore there will be a very famous life band .	Correct
Also , there will be a very famous live band .	Incorrect
You do not have to wear some speciall clothes .	Correct
You do not have to wear formal clothes .	Incorrect
Naturally we have a lot of interesting things to visit but some thing specially is our cathedrale .	Correct
Naturally we have a lot of interesting things to visit but something that is special is our cathedral .	Incorrect
The architecture bring you back into the old time . as well as the stained glass windows which are really amazing .	Correct
The architecture takes you back to the old times . as well as the stained glass windows which are really amazing .	Incorrect
We have also an interesting museum and a modern theatre .	Correct
We also have an interesting museum and a modern theatre .	Incorrect
Finally , I am sure you and your group will spent some funny realaxing days .	Correct
Finally , I am sure you and your group will spend some enjoyable , relaxing days here .	Incorrect
Please do not hesitate to contact me for some more information .	Correct
Please do not hesitate to contact me for more information .	Incorrect
I look forward to meeting each other soon .	Correct
I look forward to meeting you soon .	Incorrect
What is it what we use every day many hours ?	Correct
What is it that we use every day for many hours ?	Incorrect
Sometime 's early in the morning until late in the evening .	Correct
Sometimes from early in the morning until late in the evening .	Incorrect
Yes it is the TV .	Correct
Yes , it is the TV .	Incorrect
It is well know in almost all family , often with a lot of different cannels .	Correct
It is well known in almost all families , often with a lot of different channels .	Incorrect
First of all , the TV can tell us news in a short time , what happened all over the world .	Correct
First of all , the TV can bring us news in a short time , about what is happening all over the world .	Incorrect
Another point in favour of the invention for the TV is , that they telling about interesting reports , for instance about animals or different culture from other countrys .	Correct
Another point in favour of the TV is that it shows interesting reports , for instance about animals or the different culture of other countries .	Incorrect
Furthermore they have a lot of different programme , usually something for everybody .	Correct
Furthermore there are a lot of different programmes , usually something for everybody .	Incorrect
It could be also relaxing to sit on the sofa after a busy day at work .	Correct
It can also be relaxing to sit on the sofa after a busy day at work .	Incorrect
Finally , the TV is in my opinion very useful for getting important information , you can watching the weather and all of them were present in wonderful colour .	Correct
Finally , the TV is in my opinion very useful for getting important information , you can watch the weather and all of them are presented in wonderful colour .	Incorrect
However , they send a lot of violence which is not good for the children .	Correct
However , it shows a lot of violence which is not good for children .	Incorrect
I can not imagine to live without televison , it is something what we need for our education , for getting news and other helpful information .	Correct
I can not imagine living without television , it is something that we need for our education , and for getting news and other helpful information .	Incorrect
Surely I 'll try to help you as good as I can .	Correct
Certainly I 'll try to help you as well as I can .	Incorrect
First , I tell you the name of the hotel , it 's the Palace Hotel .	Correct
First , I can tell you the name of the hotel . It 's the Palace Hotel .	Incorrect
For getting from the hotel to the conference , you only have to take bus no.7 and get off at St. James College , where the conference will take place .	Correct
To get from the hotel to the conference , you only have to take bus no.7 and get off at St. James College , where the conference will take place .	Incorrect
About the end - of - conference party I can only say that a band will be playing the whole night , and a special guest I still do n't know will be expected .	Correct
About the end - of - conference party I can only say that a band will be playing the whole night , and a special guest , I still do n't know who , will be expected .	Incorrect
I suggest to wear casual clothes , I think there 's no need of school uniforms .	Correct
I suggest wearing casual clothes . I think there 's no need for school uniforms .	Incorrect
To answer your last question , I would propose you to attend the local zoo , because many baby animals were born in the past few days .	Correct
To answer your last question , I would propose you attend the local zoo , because many baby animals have been born in the past few days .	Incorrect
Dear Mrs Smith , I hope the given information is useful for you .	Correct
Dear Mrs Smith , I hope the information given is useful for you .	Incorrect
Could you imagine there 's no telephone ringing in an office ?	Correct
Could you imagine no telephone ringing in the office ?	Incorrect
Or to live your live without chatting for hours with your best friend ?	Correct
Or living your life without chatting for hours with your best friend ?	Incorrect
I ca n't !	Correct
I could n't !	Incorrect
The telephone was invented by Alexander Graham Bell in the end of the 19th century .	Correct
The telephone was invented by Alexander Graham Bell at the end of the 19th century .	Incorrect
It was an invention nobody thought how important and how widespread it would be in future .	Correct
Nobody realized how important and how widespread an invention it would be in the future .	Incorrect
Nowadays almost every household in the western world owns a telephone , and calling to relatives or friends spread all over the world is no strange thing .	Correct
Nowadays almost every household in the western world owns a telephone , and calling relatives or friends spread all over the world is no strange thing .	Incorrect
People need the telephone not only for chatting , but also for exchanging information in a very short and direct way with the possibility to answer immediately .	Correct
People need the telephone not only for chatting , but also for exchanging information in a very quick and direct way with the possibility of getting an answer immediately .	Incorrect
Now I have my own flat , and the first piece of furniture I 've bought was the telephone . I 'll never take it away from my home .	Correct
Now I have my own flat , and the first piece of furniture I bought was the telephone . I 'll never remove it from my home .	Incorrect
Dear Mrs Maria Smith ,	Correct
Dear Mrs Smith ,	Incorrect
I want to inform you that I had already talked to Richard Brown and he informed me about the conference .	Correct
I want to inform you that I have already talked to Richard Brown and he informed me about the conference .	Incorrect
Next week I will be start organising some events for this conference .	Correct
Next week I will start organising some events for this conference .	Incorrect
The event will organize at the Palace Hotel .	Correct
The events will take place at the Palace Hotel .	Incorrect
The same hotel that will you stay .	Correct
The same hotel that you will be staying at .	Incorrect
Palace Hotel is opposite the park ' Clifton ' , which is near the college .	Correct
The Palace Hotel is opposite Clifton Park , which is near the college .	Incorrect
We chose that hotel because is it near the college and we do n't need to use a transport .	Correct
We chose that hotel because it is near the college and we do n't need transport .	Incorrect
Because you know where is the college and you need to bring with me some things at the college to hotel I think that is better to come all the group in college and then we can go all together to the ' Palace Hotel ' .	Correct
Because you know where the college is and you need to bring some things from the college to the hotel , I think that it is better for all the group to come to the college and then we can all go together to the Palace Hotel .	Incorrect
The conference start at 9:00 o'clock you need to be at the college half an hour before .	Correct
The conference starts at 9:00 o'clock , you need to be at the college half an hour before .	Incorrect
Concerning the end - of - conference I 'm thinking about some dance and singing events .	Correct
Concerning the end - of - conference party , I 'm thinking about some dance and singing events .	Incorrect
Tell me your idea .	Correct
Let me know what you think .	Incorrect
About the clothes that we need to wear , must be uniform , because is the best conference to London and every year are coming lectures from other colleges .	Correct
About the clothes that you need to wear , it must be your uniform , because it is the best conference in London and every year lecturers come from other colleges .	Incorrect
Finally on the last day we have organised a seeing - crossing around London . You will have the opportunity visiting some museums and zoo parks .	Correct
Finally , on the last day , we have organised a sightseeing tour around London . You will have the opportunity of visiting some museums and the zoo .	Incorrect
If you want more information you can call me my telephone number is 047***. Please if you have more ideas send me a letter .	Correct
If you want more information you can call me , my telephone number is 047***. Please , if you have any more ideas , send me a letter .	Incorrect
Yours Sincerely ,	Correct
Yours sincerely ,	Incorrect
Nowdays all the people have a telephone .	Correct
Nowadays everyone has a telephone .	Incorrect
Telephone is part of our life .	Correct
The telephone is part of our life .	Incorrect
It is one of the most important investigation all over the world .	Correct
It is one of the most important inventions all over the world .	Incorrect
Telephone is type of communication .	Correct
The telephone is a means of communication .	Incorrect
If you want to talk with your friends , parents , partner or to ask something , you can call them without wondering how can be communicate with them .	Correct
If you want to talk to your friends , parents , or partner to ask something , you can call them without wondering how you can communicate with them .	Incorrect
Especial if some of your relatives or friends are living in other country you can communicate with them and everyday and you do n't feel that they are far a way from you .	Correct
Especially if some of your relatives or friends live in another country you can communicate with them every day and you do n't feel that they are far away from you .	Incorrect
Today with the development of technology has been improved and the abilities of the telephone .	Correct
Today , with the development of technology , the capabilities of the telephone have been improved .	Incorrect
They are telephones that you have the opportunity to talk with more than one people at the line .	Correct
There are telephones that give you the opportunity to talk with more than one person on the line .	Incorrect
Also you can leave a message if you call and ca n't find someone .	Correct
Also you can leave a message if you call and ca n't reach someone .	Incorrect
The last type of telephone , is the mobile phone .	Correct
The latest type of telephone is the mobile phone .	Incorrect
You can use it everywhere and at anytime .	Correct
You can use it everywhere and anytime .	Incorrect
Finally telephone except|apart from type of communication , is type and socialisation .	Correct
Finally , the telephone , except|apart from being a means of communication , is a means of socialisation .	Incorrect
Nowadays who are so bussy and we do n't have free time to see our friends , we can call them and talk or chat with them .	Correct
Nowadays we are very busy and we do n't have free time to see our friends , but we can call them and talk or chat with them .	Incorrect
Especial the young people are using many hours the telephone and that is trouble for their parents .	Correct
Young people especially spend many hours on the telephone and that causes trouble for their parents .	Incorrect
Telephone is very important investigation if we can use it correct without use it as type of entertaiment as they are doing nowadys many people .	Correct
The telephone is a very important invention if we can use it correctly without using it as a type of entertainment as many people do nowadays .	Incorrect
As you know , a hotel whose name is Palace Hotel has been booked for your group .	Correct
As you know , a hotel called the Palace Hotel has been booked for your group .	Incorrect
The party will be formal , therefore you have to wear formal clothes like a suit or a dress .	Correct
The party will be formal , therefore you will have to wear formal clothes like a suit or a dress .	Incorrect
As you know , it is not suitable to wear a jean or something .	Correct
As you know , it is not suitable to wear jeans or something similar .	Incorrect
On your last day you have an afternoon free .	Correct
On your last day you have the afternoon free .	Incorrect
I hope you will find all the details , which you would like to have in the letter .	Correct
I hope you will find all the details which you would like to have in the letter .	Incorrect
If you need any information , please let me know .	Correct
If you need any more information , please let me know .	Incorrect
Your Sincerely ,	Correct
Yours sincerely ,	Incorrect
Power Of Computurs .	Correct
The Power Of Computurs .	Incorrect
How much can a computer affect your life ? I think it effects more than you think .	Correct
How much can a computer affect your life ? I think it affects you more than you think .	Incorrect
I felt lack of them .	Correct
I felt the lack of them .	Incorrect
I first bought a computer as I was in university .	Correct
I first bought a computer when I was in university .	Incorrect
It was so necessary for me because I wanted to be a computer programmer .	Correct
It was very necessary for me because I wanted to be a computer programmer .	Incorrect
That time I met the magic world of computers .	Correct
At that time I entered the magic world of computers .	Incorrect
Linking to the internet was so popular .	Correct
Linking to the Internet was so popular .	Incorrect
Internet was something amazing for me .	Correct
The Internet was something amazing for me .	Incorrect
Can you think you have every information you need whenever you want ?	Correct
Can you imagine you have every piece of information you need whenever you want it ?	Incorrect
Can you think you contact with anyone who is from any country whenever you want ?	Correct
Can you imagine you can contact anyone who is from any country whenever you want to ?	Incorrect
I meet a lot of people on internet and it really interest me .	Correct
I meet a lot of people on the Internet and it really interests me .	Incorrect
I learn a lot about their culture by speaking them on internet .	Correct
I learn a lot about their culture by speaking to them on the Internet .	Incorrect
In addition this , today companies can do nothing without a computer .	Correct
In addition to this , today companies can do nothing without a computer .	Incorrect
Everything in this world works with computers from now on .	Correct
Everything in this world will work with computers from now on .	Incorrect
Computers changed my life style , my opinion about the world .	Correct
Computers have changed my lifestyle , my opinions about the world .	Incorrect
And they effect everyone 's life directly or indirectly .	Correct
And they affect everyone 's life directly or indirectly .	Incorrect
First of all the hotel is the Palace Hotel , 82 Regent Street , so that it is very easy to reach the conference .	Correct
First of all the hotel is the Palace Hotel , 82 Regent Street , so it is very easy to reach the conference .	Incorrect
In fact you can take the bus number 3 ; as you can see , the bus stop is just in front of the hotel , then you can get off immediately after the church that you pass , on your right hand .	Correct
In fact you can take the number 3 bus ; as you can see , the bus stop is just in front of the hotel , then you can get off immediately after the church that you pass , on your right .	Incorrect
Secondly , we will have the party in the hotel at 8.00 o'clock and a buffet will be served at 8.30 p.m. It would be also possible to get some vegetarian food and drink cocktails free of charge . I would recommend your students to bring their Identity Card to prove their age .	Correct
Secondly , we will have the party in the hotel at 8.00 o'clock and a buffet will be served at 8.30 p.m. It will also be possible to get some vegetarian food and drink cocktails free of charge . I would recommend your students bring their Identity Cards to prove their age .	Incorrect
What is more , I would suggest to wear very smart dress and for men it is oblidged the tie .	Correct
What is more , I would suggest wearing very smart clothes and for men a tie is obligatory .	Incorrect
Finally , if I were you I would go shopping to the City Centre to spend your last hours .	Correct
Finally , if I were you I would go shopping in the City Centre in your last hours .	Incorrect
However , if you re interested in Archeology you should vitis the History Museum in Garden Square .	Correct
However , if you 're interested in archaeology you should visit the History Museum in Garden Square .	Incorrect
Have you ever thought to live without your car ?	Correct
Have you ever thought of living without your car ?	Incorrect
I the last fourty years people seem to be completely addicted by using their own car .	Correct
In the last forty years people seem to have become completely addicted to using their car .	Incorrect
It is said that the majority of the citizens has got a car and unfortunately this is the reason why cities are getting more polluted .	Correct
It is said that the majority of citizens have got a car and unfortunately this is the reason why cities are becoming more polluted .	Incorrect
On the other hand , this kind of facility has made our life more comfortable and easy .	Correct
On the other hand , this kind of facility has made our life more comfortable and easier .	Incorrect
In fact we can go everywhere sitting either with friends or with our family and carring lugguage and shopping bags .	Correct
In fact we can go everywhere sitting either with friends or with our family and carrying our luggage and shopping bags .	Incorrect
Cars are able to cover not only short distance but also can be used for long journey .	Correct
Cars are able to cover not only short distance but also can be used for long journeys .	Incorrect
For example , in the past it would had been extremely exhausting travelling riding a hourse but nowadays we have lots of big and spacious cars and a wide range of optionals to choose with .	Correct
For example , in the past it would had been extremely exhausting to travel on a horse but nowadays we have lots of big and spacious cars and a wide range of options to choose from .	Incorrect
However , I have to say that it has made people be lazy and at the same time stressed due to the traffic .	Correct
However , I have to say that it has made people lazy and at the same time stressed due to the traffic .	Incorrect
On the other hand one of the main advantages is that we can save time and money as cars have long last and allowe us travelling quickly .	Correct
On the other hand one of the main advantages is that we can save time and money as cars have long last and allow us to get about quickly .	Incorrect
That 's why I could n't image my life without it .	Correct
That 's why I could n't imagine my life without one .	Incorrect
If student is ill , we will return the money but you should tell us untill one week before we start .	Correct
If a student is ill , we will return the money but you should tell us one week before we start .	Incorrect
And you are staying the Palace Hotel , which is located in town Centre .	Correct
And you are staying at the Palace Hotel , which is located in the town centre .	Incorrect
If you take public buses , it costs more expensive than school bus .	Correct
If you take public buses , it costs more than the school bus .	Incorrect
One of our teacher , who will be voted by student is making speech for one hour .	Correct
One of our teachers , who will be elected by students will make a speech for one hour .	Incorrect
After , student is making speech about what he or she have learned . and diner .	Correct
After , a student will make a speech about what he or she has learned , and dinner .	Incorrect
In my opinion , you should wear normal cloth .	Correct
In my opinion , you should wear normal clothes .	Incorrect
I would like to suggest that you should visit building of sixty two which is consisted on sixty second floor .	Correct
I would like to suggest that you should visit building sixty two which is on the sixty second floor .	Incorrect
There are eye - max cinema , museums , garelty .	Correct
There are eye - max cinema , museums , a gallery .	Incorrect
I look forward to hearing soon from you .	Correct
I look forward to hearing from you soon .	Incorrect
Pusan Castle is locted in South of Pusan .	Correct
Pusan Castle is located in the South of Pusan .	Incorrect
There are exhibited historcall things , picthurs and clothes .	Correct
Historical things , pictures and clothes are exhibited there .	Incorrect
It was built four hundread ago .	Correct
It was built four hundred years ago .	Incorrect
When you go up to the top of castle you can see the whole town .	Correct
When you go up to the top of the castle , you can see the whole town ,	Incorrect
and there are very big Park in the Castle .	Correct
and there is a very big park in the Castle .	Incorrect
Pusan Castle show about Korea history from when one of our King made our country .	Correct
Pusan Castle shows Korean history from when one of our Kings made our country .	Incorrect
Restuarant .	Correct
A restaurant .	Incorrect
Shop specially for group .	Correct
A shop specially for groups .	Incorrect
They can be given discount .	Correct
They can be given a discount .	Incorrect
What is more , every places is explained by English .	Correct
What is more , every place is explained in English .	Incorrect
It cost ten pounds .	Correct
It costs ten pounds .	Incorrect
fortunately If somebody visit castle over ten people , they give them discount .	Correct
Fortunately if over ten people visit the castle , they give them a discount .	Incorrect
Dear Mrs Maria Smith	Correct
Dear Mrs Smith	Incorrect
With reference to your letter which I recived yesterday , I would like to give you some details about The international student conference , also the acomodation and activities that are planed during this week .	Correct
With reference to your letter which I received yesterday , I would like to give you some details about the international student conference , also the accommodation and activities that are planned during this week .	Incorrect
The Hotel that is booked for the students it is one of the beast in the area , it has great facilities and it is situated near to the place where the conference is going to be .	Correct
The hotel that is booked for the students is one of the best in the area , it has very good facilities and it is situated near to the place where the conference is going to be .	Incorrect
The best way to get there from The hotel is by bus and it is already booked for the next day you arrive , at 8:30 am .	Correct
The best way to get there from the hotel is by bus and it is already booked for the day after you arrive , at 8:30 am .	Incorrect
About the party which is just at the end of the conference , a good it would be a dance party and the students do n't really need to wear special clothes , it 's just to have a little dance and meet all the students , after the party there is a small trip to the old part of the city and I think it would be a good choice to spend the last three hours that you have left before go back .	Correct
About the party which is just at the end of the conference , a good it would be a dance party and the students do n't really need to wear special clothes , it 's just to have a little dance and meet all the students . After the party , there is a small trip to the old part of the city and I think it would be a good choice for spending the last three hours that you have left before going back .	Incorrect
I hope this letter aswer all your questions , if you whant to know more about it just give me a call or send me a letter .	Correct
I hope this letter answers all your questions , if you want to know more about it just give me a call or send me a letter .	Incorrect
your sincerely	Correct
Yours sincerely	Incorrect
The aim of this report is to give some information about The new Acapulco resart buildings which was build 10 years ago and it is one of the first buildings that was build with the latest tecnonology and made by a important Mexican arquitector .	Correct
The aim of this report is to give some information about the new Acapulco resort buildings which were built 10 years ago . They are some of the first buildings that were built with the latest technology and designed by an important Mexican architect .	Incorrect
In addition the resort has an interesting History background about arquitectory and the best facilities and activities that you could have in Mexico for example , it provides differents kinds of tours around Mexico .	Correct
In addition , the resort has an interesting historical background concerning the architecture and the best facilities and activities that you could have in Mexico , for example , it provides different kinds of tours around Mexico .	Incorrect
On the contrary it is far away from the city and it has difficult transport facilities .	Correct
On the other hand it is far away from the city and it has difficult transport facilities .	Incorrect
In spite of the disadvantages , I would strongly recomended to students and public to visit the new Acapulco resort buildings . and have a great experience knowing about buildings history and at the same time traveling around Mexico .	Correct
In spite of the disadvantages , I would strongly recommend students and the public to visit the new Acapulco resort buildings and have a great experience learning about the buildings ' history and at the same time travelling around Mexico .	Incorrect
I am afraid to hear that Mr. Brown is ill I hope it wo n't be grave .	Correct
I am sorry to hear that Mr. Brown is ill . I hope it is n't serious .	Incorrect
the name of the hotel in which the group is going to stay in is Palace Hotel , to get there you must go to the centre of town , all buses are going there , Once you are in the centre Palace Hotel is right in front of the tourism information office .	Correct
The name of the hotel in which the group is going to stay is the Palace Hotel . To get there you must go to the centre of town . All the buses go there . Once you are in the centre , the Palace Hotel is right in front of the tourism information office .	Incorrect
For the end - of - conference party we have booked one of the halls of the hotel and they will provide us life music and cattering .	Correct
For the end - of - conference party we have booked one of the halls of the hotel and they will provide us with live music and catering .	Incorrect
Due the hotel is such an elegant place I would suggest to dress up in night clothes .	Correct
Due the hotel being such an elegant place I would suggest dressing up in evening dress .	Incorrect
Finally , to fill your free afternoon I would hardly recomend to visit the cathedral and have a walk arround the old part of the city , if you like it will be my pleasure to show you the souroundings .	Correct
Finally , to fill your free afternoon I would definitely recommend visiting the cathedral and having a walk around the old part of the city . If you want , it will be my pleasure to show you the area .	Incorrect
Chairs are not only part of the forniture , they are also objects of decoration and you can even find some in museums as art symbols .	Correct
Chairs are not only part of the furniture , they are also objects of decoration and you can even find some in museums where they are art objects .	Incorrect
In fact , nobody has got this clue , but it must have been the most clever person on earth !	Correct
In fact , nobody has got an idea , but it must have been the most clever person on earth !	Incorrect
the world is packed with so many tipes of chairs , from the common woden ones to the most sophisticate and comfortables others finding a baste range of prices .	Correct
The world is packed with so many types of chairs , from the common wooden ones to the most sophisticated and comfortable others finding a basic range of prices .	Incorrect
From my point of view the chair is without a doubt the most usefull gadget ever invented .	Correct
From my point of view the chair is without a doubt the most useful gadget ever invented .	Incorrect
Some people use them in their work , others are wishing to get one by the end of the day and for some other people a while chair represents the possibility of mouvement .	Correct
Some people use them in their work , others wish to sit in one by the end of the day and for some other people a wheelchair represents the possibility of movement .	Incorrect
Although is worth to say that not everybody can chose his ideal chair there is a special one for each of us .	Correct
Although it is worth saying that not everybody can choose his ideal chair there is a special one for each of us .	Incorrect
I am glad to help you for the organisation of the conference .	Correct
I am glad to help you with the organisation of the conference .	Incorrect
I phoned to the tourist information last week and I got some information about the accomodation of the students .	Correct
I phoned the tourist information office last week and I got some information about the accommodation for the students .	Incorrect
I think we should book at the Palace Hotel .	Correct
I think we should book the Palace Hotel .	Incorrect
The Hotel is in a good position , 10 minutes walk from the conference and I think the best way to reach it is on foot .	Correct
The hotel is in a good position , 10 minutes ' walk from the conference , and I think the best way to reach it is on foot .	Incorrect
I think they should wear smart dress , because there will be lots of interesting people and important meeting .	Correct
I think they should wear smart clothes , because there will be lots of interesting people and it is an important meeting .	Incorrect
In conclusion , for the last day , I thought it will be very interesting for the students to visit the town and appreciate its monuments and art .	Correct
In conclusion , for the last day , I thought it would be very interesting for the students to visit the town and admire its monuments and art .	Incorrect
On the other hand , if you prefer to have a relaxing day , you could have a pic - nic in the wonderful park .	Correct
On the other hand , if you prefer to have a relaxing day , you could have a picnic in the wonderful park .	Incorrect
I hope my suggestion and Idea will help you to organise the meeting .	Correct
I hope my suggestion and ideas will help you to organise the meeting .	Incorrect
As requested , the aim of this report is to assess the suitbility for a group of American students for the visit at the Etruscan Museum .	Correct
As requested , the aim of this report is to assess the suitability for a group of American students of the visit to the Etruscan Museum .	Incorrect
Populoniou is about 15 Km . from Piombino and it can be reached by well - organised means of transport .	Correct
Populoniou is about 15 Km . from Piombino and it can be reached by a well - organised means of transport .	Incorrect
The Etruscan Museum is one of the most attractive building in my town .	Correct
The Etruscan Museum is one of the most attractive buildings in my town .	Incorrect
It contains lots of archeological Etruscans founded and some remains about Etruscans neoropolis .	Correct
It contains lots of archaeological Etruscans founded and some remains from the Estruscans ' necropolis .	Incorrect
The entrance fee is  7 each student .	Correct
The entrance fee is  7 for each student .	Incorrect
1 . The Museum is well - organised for tourists .	Correct
1 . The Museum is well organised for tourists .	Incorrect
There are some shops , caf and toilets .	Correct
There are some shops , a caf and toilets .	Incorrect
Also there are some free handphones , that explain the history of the museum .	Correct
Also there are some free headphones that explain the history of the museum .	Incorrect
After their visit into the Museum , they could enjoy the superb view of the sea and the tuscan Archipelago , and they could have a pic - nic on the beach .	Correct
After their visit to the Museum , they could enjoy the superb view of the sea and the Tuscan Archipelago , and they could have a picnic on the beach .	Incorrect
The negative aspect of the museum is that is quite expensive for students .	Correct
The negative aspect of the museum is that it is quite expensive for students .	Incorrect
Although the entrance fee is quite expensive for a group of students , I strongly reccomend it for their excursion and their interests .	Correct
Although the entrance fee is quite expensive for a group of students , I strongly recommend it for their excursion and because of their interests .	Incorrect
Dear Mrs Maria Smith ,	Correct
Dear Mrs Smith ,	Incorrect
I am writing to give you some information asked in your letter , which I received this morning .	Correct
I am writing to give you some information that you asked for in your letter , which I received this morning .	Incorrect
Your group has been booked in Palace Hotel which is one of the most comfortable hotels in London .	Correct
Your group has been booked into the Palace Hotel which is one of the most comfortable hotels in London .	Incorrect
It is based in the city centre and is about half an hour by underground from the conference .	Correct
It is located in the city centre and is about half an hour by underground from the conference .	Incorrect
In my oppinion the easiest way to get there from the conference would be by taking the Picadelly line .	Correct
In my opinion the easiest way to get there from the conference would be by taking the Picadelly line .	Incorrect
However you would take bus number 150 , if you would like to have a look at the city centre and you have some free time also .	Correct
However you could take bus number 150 , if you would like to have a look at the city centre and you also have some free time .	Incorrect
Regarding to the end - of - conference party , I would suggest to wear some dress for a woman and an elegant suit for a man , though , it is no formal do .	Correct
Regarding the end - of - conference party , I would suggest wearing a dress for a woman and an elegant suit for a man , though it is not a formal do .	Incorrect
The party will finish quite late so we 've decided to provide a bus which would take you to the hotel safely .	Correct
The party will finish quite late , so we 've decided to provide a bus which will take you to the hotel safely .	Incorrect
Basicaly , during three hour time in the afternoon nobody is able to visit all of interesting places of London .	Correct
Basically , during three hours in the afternoon nobody is able to visit all of the interesting places in London .	Incorrect
However you would have a long walk along the river to take some essential photos .	Correct
However , you could take a long walk along the river to take some essential photos .	Incorrect
Are you always happy when your telephon ring ?	Correct
Are you always happy when your telephone rings ?	Incorrect
As far as I am concerned the telephone was invented in 19th century .	Correct
As far as I know , the telephone was invented in the 19th century .	Incorrect
It has been affecting our lifes very quickly , although there were some different ways of communication as TV , for instance .	Correct
It affected our lives very quickly , although there are some different means of communication such as TV , for instance .	Incorrect
Since the internet was introduced , many of us would n't have imagined the lifes without this .	Correct
Since the Internet was introduced , many of us ca n't imagine life without it .	Incorrect
We were able even to have our own telephone kept in our pocket for a some time .	Correct
We have even been able to have our own telephone kept in our pocket for some time .	Incorrect
However , are you always happy when your personal phone rings .	Correct
However , are you always happy when your personal phone rings ?	Incorrect
On the other hand I wonder whether you have experienced some situations when you would n't have your mobile switched on .	Correct
I wonder whether you have experienced some situations when you would n't have your mobile switched on .	Incorrect
This invention has affected my life completely .	Correct
This invention has changed my life completely .	Incorrect
Since I have been traveling around the world I would have imagined beeing in tough with my family or friends without internet or my mobile phone .	Correct
Since I have been travelling around the world , I would have imagined being in touch with my family or friends without the Internet or my mobile phone .	Incorrect
In spite of having the opportunity of keeping contact with friends at the time we are far away from home , we should have been knowledge how to use it without interrupting others .	Correct
In spite of having the opportunity of keeping in contact with friends at times when we are far away from home , we should know how to use it without disturbing others .	Incorrect
I will be pleasure to help you .	Correct
It will be pleasure to help you .	Incorrect
The following are some information about the International student conference .	Correct
The following is some information about the International student conference .	Incorrect
The party will be take place in Palace Hotel .	Correct
The party will be in the Palace Hotel .	Incorrect
The Hotel is very close Town Hall .	Correct
The Hotel is very close to the Town Hall .	Incorrect
From park square , just go straight .	Correct
From Park Square , just go straight .	Incorrect
You can see the sign of hotel .	Correct
You can see the sign for the hotel .	Incorrect
This is a International student party , so I suggest you wear tradional clothes .	Correct
This is an International student party , so I suggest you wear traditional costume .	Incorrect
It looks nice and have good meaning .	Correct
It looks nice and has good meaning .	Incorrect
You can notice every students what they could make some tradional food to the party .	Correct
You can inform all the students that they can take some traditional food to the party .	Incorrect
After meal , you can play some games and prepare some gift to the winner .	Correct
After the meal , you can play some games and prepare a prize for the winner .	Incorrect
At the end of conference you can dance and singing together .	Correct
At the end of the conference you can dance and sing together .	Incorrect
There is my suggestion about this party .	Correct
These are my suggestions for this party .	Incorrect
If you still have some problem , you can call me .	Correct
If you still have a problem , you can call me .	Incorrect
Report building of LUTON University	Correct
Report on the LUTON University building	Incorrect
I heard that a group of America students has just arrived in our town .	Correct
I heard that a group of American students has just arrived in our town .	Incorrect
It is main building of LUTON University at park square .	Correct
It is the main building of LUTON University in Park Square .	Incorrect
There is a academic building .	Correct
It is an academic building .	Incorrect
It inculds labrary .	Correct
It includes a library ,	Incorrect
II suit , academic rooms a GYM Club and a restuarant .	Correct
II suit , academic rooms , a GYM Club and a restaurant .	Incorrect
There is a very big labrary .	Correct
There is a very big library .	Incorrect
You can find any information from it what you want .	Correct
You can find any information from it that you want .	Incorrect
At the rest of time , you can go to IT suit use Internet .	Correct
For the rest of the time , you can go to the IT suite to use the Internet .	Incorrect
If you feel hungry , you do n't need go out .	Correct
If you feel hungry , you do n't need to go out .	Incorrect
Just at the same building , you could find restuarant .	Correct
Just in the same building , you can find a restaurant .	Incorrect
I recommen this buiding to visit .	Correct
I recommend visiting this building .	Incorrect
They can also talk with British students to communiate study experience .	Correct
They can also talk with British students to communicate study experience .	Incorrect
I think it will be interesting . for American students .	Correct
I think it will be interesting for American students .	Incorrect
I am writing with reference on your letter concerning an organization of an international student conference in Wimbledon Art College .	Correct
I am writing with reference to your letter concerning the organization of an international student conference at Wimbledon Art College .	Incorrect
Below I am clarifying some information you asked about .	Correct
Below I provide some information you asked about .	Incorrect
First of all , I would like to give you more information about name and location of the hotel .	Correct
First of all , I would like to give you more information about the name and location of the hotel .	Incorrect
The group has been booked into " Maria Luisa " hotel which is situated on the center of Wimbledon called Wimbledon Village .	Correct
The group has been booked into the " Maria Luisa " Hotel , which is situated in the centre of Wimbledon called Wimbledon Village .	Incorrect
This hotel is the next building after Art College , so it will be easy for your group to find the place .	Correct
This hotel is the next building after the Art College , so it will be easy for your group to find the place .	Incorrect
Secondly turning to the end - of - conference party , it is planed to be in Wimbledon Common - nice piece of England nature .	Correct
Secondly turning to the end - of - conference party , it is meant to be on Wimbledon Common - a nice piece of English countryside .	Incorrect
So , it may be a good idea to take some very comfortable and informal clothes .	Correct
So , it may be a good idea to wear very comfortable and informal clothes .	Incorrect
Thirdly , talking about your free afternoon before leaving the area , I would suggest you to visit Wimbledon Museum of Tennis .	Correct
Thirdly , talking about your free afternoon before leaving the area , I would suggest you visit the Wimbledon Museum of Tennis .	Incorrect
Where is quite good exposition their , giving interesting information about the history of Wimbledon Tennis Tournaments .	Correct
There is quite a good exhibition there , giving interesting information about the history of Wimbledon Tennis Tournaments .	Incorrect
I look forward to meeting your group in our conference .	Correct
I look forward to meeting your group at our conference .	Incorrect
The purpose of this report is to give a brief discription of the Academy of Art in St .- Petersburg .	Correct
The purpose of this report is to give a brief description of the Academy of Art in St Petersburg .	Incorrect
From my point of view this building is the best option to visit .	Correct
In my opinion this building is the best place to visit .	Incorrect
This building is situated on the magnificent embankment of Niva River with an exellent view on the Hermitage Museum .	Correct
This building is situated on the magnificent bank of the Niva River with an excellent view of the Hermitage Museum .	Incorrect
The building was built by very famious Russian architect and is a marvellouse example of Russian classic architerture of XVIIIth century .	Correct
The building was built by a very famous Russian architect and is a marvellous example of Russian classic architecture of the XVIII century .	Incorrect
In the Academy of Art you can find the oldiest art libarary with a wide range of books , the Museum of Russian Art with a huge collection of painting , sculpture and architectural projects from early eighteenth to late twentieth centuries .	Correct
In the Academy of Art you can find the oldest art library , with a wide range of books , and the Museum of Russian Art , with a huge collection of paintings , sculpture and architectural projects from the early eighteenth to late twentieth centuries .	Incorrect
It is also a good chance to be introduced with Russian system of art education .	Correct
It is also a good opportunity to be introduced to the Russian system of art education .	Incorrect
The building of Academy of Art in St .- Petersburg is worth visiting and interesting as historical as educational aspects .	Correct
The building of the Academy of Art in St Petersburg is worth visiting and interesting because of its historic and educational aspects .	Incorrect
Dear Mrs Smith :	Correct
Dear Mrs Smith ,	Incorrect
Your group has been booked into The Palace Hotel , located on the High street , opposite to the Post Office .	Correct
Your group has been booked into The Palace Hotel , located on the high street , opposite the post office .	Incorrect
The conference will be hold in The Royal Hall , and the best way to get there from the hotel is by bus .	Correct
The conference will be held in The Royal Hall , and the best way to get there from the hotel is by bus .	Incorrect
About what you can do in the area for the free time you have , I would suggest you to visit The Modern Art Museum which has now a new exhibition .	Correct
About what you can do in the area in the free time you have , I would suggest you visit the Modern Art Museum which now has a new exhibition .	Incorrect
Another suggestion could be to visit the zoo , or just walk through the Spring Gardens which are beautiful in this time of the year .	Correct
Another suggestion could be to visit the zoo , or just walk through Spring Gardens , which are beautiful at this time of the year .	Incorrect
The Telephone : A great invention .	Correct
The telephone : a great invention .	Incorrect
Yes , I know , it is just hard to imagine our lives without this invention .	Correct
Yes , I know , it is very hard to imagine our lives without this invention .	Incorrect
Think about the people living in the time it was invented .	Correct
Think about the people living at the time it was invented .	Incorrect
Must had been such a exciting thing being able to talk to someone living thousands of miles for ........ and now for us is just as simple as dial a number and talk to whoever we want to .	Correct
It must have been such an exciting thing being able to talk to someone living thousands of miles away ........ and now for us it is just as simple as dialling a number and talking to whoever we want to .	Incorrect
Of course is nice to have a phone conversation with friends or family , but the telephone is also very important for business and emergencies .	Correct
Of course it is nice to have a phone conversation with friends or family , but the telephone is also very important for business and emergencies .	Incorrect
For example , I work for a bank , and we need to have weekly meetings with our Director living 800 kilometers far , and he does n't have to come here , we just have a phone conference where everybody can talks , and that is it !	Correct
For example , I work for a bank , and we need to have weekly meetings with our Director living 800 kilometres away , and he does n't have to come here , we just have a phone conference where everybody can talk , and that is it !	Incorrect
A phone call in time for an ambulance can save the life of many people having a heart attack .	Correct
A phone call in time for an ambulance can save the lives of many people having a heart attack .	Incorrect
But think .... , what would we do without them !	Correct
But think .... what would we do without them !	Incorrect
Dear Mrs Maria .	Correct
Dear Mrs Maria ,	Incorrect
I am one of all students and I am going to give you an information , all you need .	Correct
I am one of the students and I am going to give you some information , all you need .	Incorrect
We have been booked the hotel for you and the name of hotel is " Palace Hotel " quite near shopping centre .	Correct
We have booked the hotel for you and the name of the hotel is the " Palace Hotel " , it is quite near the shopping centre .	Incorrect
It is not far aways , you just go along Park Road about ten minutes .	Correct
It is not far away . You just go along Park Road for about ten minutes .	Incorrect
Then you will arrive at Palace Hotel on the left handside of you .	Correct
Then you will arrive at the Palace Hotel , which is on the left - hand side .	Incorrect
About the end - of - conference party .	Correct
Regarding the end - of - conference party .	Incorrect
We are going to have a dinner before the end and at the end we are going to bring you to the Hotel , you need to wear a night - dress or suit and bow tie .	Correct
We are going to have a dinner before the end and at the end we are going to take you to the Hotel . You need to wear an evening dress or suit and bow tie .	Incorrect
Finally , on the last day you have three hours before you catch the plane so we suggestion , you can go to shopping centre and buy something for your special person or go to museam because this museam is the biggest in the world now It is up to you .	Correct
Finally , on the last day you have three hours before you catch the plane so we suggest you go to the shopping centre and buy something for your special person or go to the museum because this museum is the biggest in the world now . It is up to you .	Incorrect
I am the student leader . We are greatful that your group has just arrived so I am going to give information about an interesting building to visit .	Correct
I am the student leader . We are pleased that your group has arrived so I am going to give you information about an interesting building to visit .	Incorrect
We recommend you to go to BBC building .	Correct
We recommend you go to the BBC building .	Incorrect
First of all , about BBC building is the news building of England .	Correct
First of all , the BBC building is the news building of England .	Incorrect
On the ground floor , they have a video camera everywhere around the building and police officer walk around the building as well .	Correct
On the ground floor , they have video cameras everywhere around the building and police officers walk around the building as well .	Incorrect
Up to the first floor , they have a huge radio room , for send and receipt the information all over the world because they have a small BBC building all over the world either ;	Correct
On the first floor , they have a huge radio room , for sending and receiving information from all over the world , because they have small BBC buildings all over the world also ;	Incorrect
For Example , THAILAND , United State of America , INDONISIA and CANADA .	Correct
for Example , THAILAND , the United States of America , INDONESIA and CANADA .	Incorrect
And the second floor is the news room where they get on - air to show on the T.V. That is not finish , I just give you some information but they have more interesting thing you do not know .	Correct
And the second floor is the newsroom where they go on air on the T.V. That is not everything . I have just given you a little information but they have more interesting things you do not know about .	Incorrect
I recommend you this building because this building is the main of london and this building is the second most beautiful building in london so that why I recommend you this building .	Correct
I recommend this building because this building is the main of London and this building is the second most beautiful building in London so that is why I recommend this building .	Incorrect
From student leader .	Correct
From the student leader .	Incorrect
I would be very pleased if I can help you answering all your enquiries .	Correct
I will be very pleased if I can help you with all your enquiries .	Incorrect
I would suggested you to walk along New Street , which is the one next to river , and in 10 minutes you will see the hotel in your right hand side .	Correct
I would suggest you walk along New Street , which is the one next to the river , and in 10 minutes you will see the hotel on your right - hand side .	Incorrect
The hotel is just opposite to the City Hospital .	Correct
The hotel is just opposite the City Hospital .	Incorrect
As you already possibly know , the end - of - conference party will take place at the main reception room at the same hotel .	Correct
As you possibly already know , the end - of - conference party will take place in the main reception room at the same hotel .	Incorrect
Answering your question , you should be fine wearing casual clothes .	Correct
To answer your question , you should be fine wearing casual clothes .	Incorrect
The invention without no doubt , that has affected my own life by far is the car .	Correct
Without any doubt the invention that has affected my own life the most is the car .	Incorrect
Cars have definitely changed all our lives , and I am not refering only in a positive way , but in a negative way as well .	Correct
Cars have definitely changed all our lives , and I am not referring only in a positive way , but in a negative way as well .	Incorrect
Could you imagine it ?	Correct
Can you imagine it ?	Incorrect
Traffic jams make people nervous , sometimes really upset and violent .	Correct
Traffic jams make people irritable , and sometimes really upset and violent .	Incorrect
But , anyway , people use cars .	Correct
But people use cars , anyway .	Incorrect
If we do n't use them we suffer from them .	Correct
If we do n't use them we suffer because of them .	Incorrect
I really need it to escape from the pollution , mainly caused by cars and any other four - wheel motored vehicle .	Correct
I really need it to escape from the pollution , mainly caused by cars and other four - wheel motor vehicles .	Incorrect
Is n't that contradictorious ?	Correct
Is n't that ironic ?	Incorrect
To go to the countryside and being able to breath fresh , non - polluted air , I use my car , which , as far as I am concerned does not help to maintain a clean air at all .	Correct
To go to the countryside and be able to breathe fresh , unpolluted air , I use my car , which , in my opinion , does not help to maintain a clean atmosphere at all .	Incorrect
Therefore I am thinking in selling my car , which has changed my life over the last 10 years , which has given me a kind of freedom , which has gone with me to all sort of fantastic places , and change my life for a new life : whithout car .	Correct
Therefore I am thinking of selling my car , which has changed my life over the last 10 years , which has given me a kind of freedom , which has gone with me to all sorts of fantastic places , and changed my life for a new life : without a car .	Incorrect
Dear Mrs Smith .	Correct
Dear Mrs Smith ,	Incorrect
It was very sorry news to Richard Brown .	Correct
It was very sad news about Richard Brown .	Incorrect
I have given much information of the international student conference .	Correct
I have given a lot of information about the international student conference .	Incorrect
Number 45 bus runs to there every 5 minutes .	Correct
Number 45 bus goes there every 5 minutes .	Incorrect
It takes 25 minutes that is convenient to us .	Correct
It takes 25 minutes , which is convenient for us .	Incorrect
Secondly , there are some programme that are very great .	Correct
Secondly , there are some items on the programme that are great .	Incorrect
First time , the conference 's head make a short speech and then we have dinner and drinks .	Correct
First of all , the conference 's head makes a short speech and then we have dinner and drinks .	Incorrect
Finally we enjoy a disco party so you wear a suiteable dress .	Correct
Finally we enjoy a disco party so you should wear a suitable dress .	Incorrect
On the last day I go to your house and then we think about our 's conference plane .	Correct
On the last day I will go to your house and then we think about our 's conference plane .	Incorrect
Alice and Jane came back her home .	Correct
Alice and Jane came back home .	Incorrect
Alice is Jane 's boy friend .	Correct
Alice is Jane 's boyfriend .	Incorrect
In the morning they have met and then they went to beach .	Correct
In the morning they met and then they went to the beach .	Incorrect
It was nice weather and beautiful time .	Correct
It was nice weather and they had a beautiful time .	Incorrect
Jane suddenly thought about her house key that left inside her house and Alice could see the her house and he found the bathroom window was opening .	Correct
Jane suddenly thought about her house key that she had left inside her house and Alice could see her house and he found the bathroom window was open .	Incorrect
So he crimbed on the radder up to the window and he opened the door but policemen came there " what happened ? "	Correct
So he climbed on the ladder up to the window and he opened the door but policemen came there " what happened ? "	Incorrect
Jane expained that situations and they under stood him .	Correct
Jane explained that situation and they understood her .	Incorrect
It was a very wonderful party and they have never forgot that day .	Correct
It was a very wonderful party and they have never forgotten that day .	Incorrect
Dear Mrs Maria Smith :	Correct
Dear Mrs Smith ,	Incorrect
I am writting to give you the information that you asked me for .	Correct
I am writing to give you the information that you asked me for .	Incorrect
the group has been booked into the Harris hotel .	Correct
The group has been booked into the Harris hotel .	Incorrect
this hotel is very good placed .	Correct
This hotel is very well placed .	Incorrect
From there you can get a taxi , catch the buses seven and eleven , wich both have you very close to the conference place , and also you can go by underground to get there .	Correct
From there you can get a taxi , catch the number seven and eleven buses , which both take you very close to the conference centre , and also you can go by underground to get there .	Incorrect
the conference starts at 5:30 pm and it finishes at 8:00PM .	Correct
The conference starts at 5:30 pm and it finishes at 8:00 pm .	Incorrect
Then , after the Conference , there will be a formal party at the group 's hotel , wich starts at 9:00 PM and finishes at 12:00 AM .	Correct
Then , after the Conference , there will be a formal party at the group 's hotel , which starts at 9:00 pm and finishes at 12:00 midnight .	Incorrect
this party is a formal one , so you should be casual dressed .	Correct
This party is a formal one , so you should not be casually dressed .	Incorrect
In this area you could visit the central park .	Correct
In this area you can visit the central park .	Incorrect
I hope these information could be useful for you .	Correct
I hope this information will be useful for you .	Incorrect
Yours Sincerelly	Correct
Yours sincerely	Incorrect
Hampton Court palace is localizated in Hampton Court .	Correct
Hampton Court Palace is located in Hampton Court .	Incorrect
In addition to that , I think this town is wonderful and it has a magical beauty .	Correct
I think this town is wonderful and it has a magical beauty .	Incorrect
transport :	Correct
Transport :	Incorrect
to get to Hampton Court palace , you need to take a train from Waterloo train station .	Correct
To get to Hampton Court Palace , you need to take a train from Waterloo train station .	Incorrect
From there depart the trains to Hampton Court .	Correct
From there , the trains to Hampton Court depart .	Incorrect
Moreover , I think by train is the best way to get there , because Hampton Court train station is very close to Hampton Court palace .	Correct
Moreover , I think going by train is the best way to get there , because Hampton Court train station is very close to Hampton Court Palace .	Incorrect
there is a great price for children , students , adults and families .	Correct
There is a great price for children , students , adults and families .	Incorrect
They are between three and six pounds each .	Correct
Tickets are between three and six pounds each .	Incorrect
And also it would be an excellent chance for this group of American students to see it .	Correct
And also this would be an excellent chance for this group of American students to see it .	Incorrect
Thank you for your letter , which arrived on second .	Correct
Thank you for your letter , which arrived on the second of	Incorrect
I am very pleased to help to organize this Conference in our College , which will hold at Conference Centre at Bromley College starting on 20th June for 3 days .	Correct
I am very pleased to help to organize this Conference in our College , which will be held at the Conference Centre at Bromley College starting on 20th June for 3 days .	Incorrect
please find information your required as follows :	Correct
Please find the information you requested as follows :	Incorrect
Called " palace Hotel " which is about 10 miles away from our College , the hotel will have a coach to pick the group up from the airport on 19th of June and then take the group to Conference and return to hotel every day .	Correct
It is the " Palace Hotel " , which is about 10 miles away from our College . The hotel will have a coach to pick the group up from the airport on the 19th of June and then take the group to the Conference and return to the hotel every day .	Incorrect
Regarding to the end - of - conference party .	Correct
Regarding the end - of - conference party .	Incorrect
We have planed a barbecue at 5 oo pm . on our most idyllic play field which is over looking the endless Countryside and farms .	Correct
We have planned a barbecue for 5 oo pm on our most idyllic playing field , which overlooks the endless Countryside and farms .	Incorrect
At 7:00pm .	Correct
At 7:00pm	Incorrect
we can move to our student hall to have a disc dance until 10:00pm .	Correct
we can move to our student hall to have a disco dance until 10:00pm .	Incorrect
On the last day , we have arranged a small party in the hotel , then we all set up to have a sightseeing Bromley town center for about two hours before you leave for airport .	Correct
For the last day , we have arranged a small party in the hotel . Then we all set off to go on a sightseeing tour of Bromley town centre for about two hours before you leave for the airport .	Incorrect
Bromley town center is the most beautiful shopping centre in South East London .	Correct
Bromley town centre is the most beautiful shopping centre in South East London .	Incorrect
There are many historical buildings remain .	Correct
There are many historic buildings .	Incorrect
I think the students will enjoy this sightseeing .	Correct
I think the students will enjoy this sightseeing tour .	Incorrect
Yours . sincerely ,	Correct
Yours sincerely ,	Incorrect
We need light every day , not just night time .	Correct
We need light every day , not just at nighttime .	Incorrect
We need lamp light in offices or schools or some places during the day time .	Correct
We need lamplight in offices and schools and other places during the daytime .	Incorrect
How is the wonderful life after invention the light .	Correct
How wonderful life is since the invention of electric light .	Incorrect
Here we just talk about the light we invented apart from nature light .	Correct
Here we are just talking about the light we invented apart from natural light .	Incorrect
When I was small , we lived in country yard , I remembered , we used to have oil lamps which used a cotton string dipping in the oil in the small bottle and made it burned the tip of the cotton string to give us light during the night time , it was very little light on , and many things we could n't do under the oil lamps because the light range was very small .	Correct
When I was small , we lived in country yard . I remember , we used to have oil lamps which used a cotton string dipping in the oil in the small bottle and made it burned the tip of the cotton string to give us light during the night . It gave very little light , and there were many things we could n't do in the light from the oil lamps because the light range was very small .	Incorrect
There was no any light outside our house , no light on the road or field either .	Correct
There was not any light outside our house , and no light on the road or field either .	Incorrect
I was always very scared whenever or wherever . because most places .	Correct
I was always very scared whenever or wherever I was , because most places .	Incorrect
This scaring dark is still affecting my life now .	Correct
This scary dark is still affecting my life now .	Incorrect
I never stayed out after dark today except accompanying by my family .	Correct
I never stay out after dark today except accompanying by my family .	Incorrect
What a biggest person on the earth , who invented the light , Einstein was .	Correct
What a big person Einstein was , who invented light .	Incorrect
He created another day time after sunset , people use it to do anything they want to do , We believe we ca n't live without light today , specially in city life , we have a long time to spend for the activities after Sun going to bed .	Correct
He created another day after sunset . People use it to do anything they want to do . We believe we ca n't live without light today , especially in the city . We have a long time to spend on our activities after the Sun goes to bed .	Incorrect
Which we definately need light to keep on . I dare to say , without light , our life will go into a dark , dark hell .	Correct
We definitely need light to keep on . I dare say , without light , our life would go into a dark , dark hell .	Incorrect
I am writting you to reply your question about the conference in London . thank you for your letter .	Correct
I am writing to you to answer your question about the conference in London . Thank you for your letter .	Incorrect
I am very pleasant to know you decided to come to the " II International conference of Human Rights " which will be celebrated in Albert Hall college next 25 of June .	Correct
I am very pleased to know you decided to come to the " Second International Conference on Human Rights " which will be held at Albert Hall College on 25 June .	Incorrect
I would like to inform you that the group you belong to , has been booked in Palace Hotel , in the center of London from the 24 June until 25 of June .	Correct
I would like to inform you that the group you belong to has been booked into the Palace Hotel in the centre of London from the 24th of June until the 25th of June .	Incorrect
The Albert Hall College , the building where will be taken part the conference is sited near Green Park Avenue ; so , to get it from the Palace Hotel you can take the bus number 26 , otherwise , you can take the Picadilly Line from South Kensigton Station to green Park station .	Correct
The Albert Hall College , the building where the conference will be held is situated near Green Park Avenue . To get to it from the Palace Hotel , you can take the number 26 bus , otherwise , you can take the Picadilly Line from South Kensigton station to Green Park station .	Incorrect
It takes about 10 minutes .	Correct
It takes about 10 minutes	Incorrect
Therefore , that 's the faster way of transport you can choose .	Correct
, that 's the quickest means of transport you can choose .	Incorrect
The Conference will start at 9 am of 25 June and will finish about 6 pm in the same day .	Correct
The Conference will start at 9 am on 25 June and will finish about 6 pm on the same day .	Incorrect
During the day is supposed having a break of half and hour at 12 p.m and finally , a party for all the people who will be there .	Correct
During the day you are supposed to have a break of half an hour at 12 noon and finally , there will be a party for all the people who will be there .	Incorrect
That will be a smart party and because of this , it will be required a well - dressed and immaculate presence .	Correct
That will be a formal party and because of this , you will be required to be smartly dressed .	Incorrect
Ladies should wear an evening dress and gentlman a dark suit .	Correct
Ladies should wear an evening dress and gentlemen a dark suit .	Incorrect
As I can see from your letter , you will have about three hours before you catch your plane , so , I would suggest to visit The Tate Modern Museum , where you will can find several interesting pictures such as Dali 's Warhols .	Correct
As I can see from your letter , you will have about three hours before you catch your plane , so , I would suggest you visit the Tate Modern Museum , where you will find several interesting pictures such as Dalis and Warhols .	Incorrect
If you need some more information or details about he conference , you can contact Alexia on 0033 * * * phone .	Correct
If you need some more information or details about the conference , you can contact Alexia on 0033 * * * .	Incorrect
The aim of this report is giving some suggestions to a group of American students who has just arrived in Rome and want some information about an interesting building to visit .	Correct
The aim of this report is to give some suggestions to a group of American students who have just arrived in Rome and want some information about an interesting building to visit .	Incorrect
Rome is a big city where they can find several moments and important buildings , for this reason I would suggest them to visit	Correct
Rome is a big city where they can find several moments and important buildings , for this reason I would suggest they visit :	Incorrect
1 ) " Fontana di Trevi " sited in Trevis Square in the center of Rome .	Correct
1 ) " Fontana di Trevi " sited in Trevis Square in the centre of Rome .	Incorrect
That 's a small square where there is a fountain very big .	Correct
That 's a small square where there is a very big fountain .	Incorrect
It was built by Canovas architect in 1638 .	Correct
It was built by the architect Canovas in 1638 .	Incorrect
That is the fountain which " Dolce Vita " film was taken place .	Correct
That is the fountain in which the film " Dolce Vita " took place .	Incorrect
2 ) For other hand , there is Villa Borghese Building , That is a museum where they can find the most important sculptures and pictures of Antonio Canovas and , Bernini , who stayed for a long time working in Rome .	Correct
2 ) On the other hand , there is the Villa Borghese building . That is a museum where they can find the most important sculptures and pictures of Antonio Canovas and , Bernini , who lived for a long time in Rome .	Incorrect
I would recommend them the buildings because :	Correct
I would recommend to them these buildings because :	Incorrect
1 ) First of all , there are sited in the center of Rome so , they can take a bus to get them move and around the city .	Correct
1 ) First of all , they are located in the centre of Rome so they can take a bus to get to them move and around the city .	Incorrect
2 ) Secondly , they can enjoy visiting museums , and afterwards they can take something to eat or to drink in the " pizzerias ' and restaurants near these famous places .	Correct
2 ) Secondly , they can enjoy visiting museums , and afterwards they can have something to eat or to drink in the " pizzerias ' and restaurants near these famous places .	Incorrect
In conclusion , they could combine art , the history and the night visiting one only place without spend much money .	Correct
In conclusion , they could combine art , history and nightlife by visiting only one place and without spending much money .	Incorrect
As our conference is due to start next week I respond straight away .	Correct
As our conference is due to start next week I will respond straight away .	Incorrect
There are some informations you have asked me about .	Correct
There is some information you have asked me about .	Incorrect
That is the best option because it is placed less than 5 minutes walk from the Conference Center .	Correct
That is the best option because it is situated less than 5 minutes ' walk from the conference centre .	Incorrect
When you live a hotel you have to turn right and you bloun the street .	Correct
When you leave the hotel you have to turn right and you bloun the street .	Incorrect
That 's our Conference Center .	Correct
That 's our conference centre .	Incorrect
At the hotel reception you will find printed information how to get over there .	Correct
At the hotel reception you will find printed information about how to get there .	Incorrect
As you know at the end - of - conference there is a party .	Correct
As you know at the end of the conference there is a party .	Incorrect
Party is due to start at 8 p.m until 3 a.m. There is 2hr break between end - of - conference and party .	Correct
The party is due to start at 8 p.m . and will last until 3 a.m. There is a 2hr break between the end of the conference and the party .	Incorrect
At this time you and your group can refresh yourself .	Correct
At this time you and your group can refresh yourselves .	Incorrect
Hope you will enjoy it .	Correct
I hope you will enjoy it .	Incorrect
We prepared some special attraction like live dance music and hot or cold buffet .	Correct
We prepared some special attractions , like live dance music and a hot and cold buffet .	Incorrect
About you 're the last question I can sugest to visit the Royal Castle .	Correct
Regarding your last question I can suggest visiting the Royal Castle .	Incorrect
Your sincerely ,	Correct
Yours sincerely ,	Incorrect
In our town there is so many interesting places to see that there is hard to choose one .	Correct
In our town there are so many interesting places to see that it is hard to choose one .	Incorrect
In my opinion the most interesting is the Castle .	Correct
In my opinion the most interesting is the castle .	Incorrect
It is placed on a hill so it is very easy to recognize when is it .	Correct
It is situated on a hill so it is very easy to see where it is .	Incorrect
Actually it is a whole complex , the Old and the New Castle , Cathedrall and the most interesting undergroud part with it 's amazing crypts .	Correct
Actually it is a whole complex , the Old and the New Castle , the cathedral and the very interesting underground part with its amazing crypts .	Incorrect
And if you climb on the top of the main tower - the keep you will see unforgetable view on a white toun .	Correct
And if you climb to the top of the main tower - the keep - you will see unforgettable views of a white town .	Incorrect
You will find there an amazing collection of old weapon , armores and , we are especially pround of it , the great collection of swords .	Correct
You will find there an amazing collection of old weapons , armour and , we are especially proud of it , the great collection of swords .	Incorrect
After that I am sure you will be happy to find a few restaurands located at the New Castle .	Correct
After that I am sure you will be happy to find a few restaurants located at the New Castle .	Incorrect
I am sure that should be enought for one day trip .	Correct
I am sure that should be enough for a one - day trip .	Incorrect
For you information I can say that at this time we have five weeks festival and this night there will be a great display .	Correct
For your information I can say that at this time we have a five - week festival and that night there will be a great display .	Incorrect
That should complete that amazing day .	Correct
That should complete an amazing day .	Incorrect
I do welcome you and your group , and I am willing to help you by giving the informations that you have asked me .	Correct
I do welcome you and your group , and I am willing to help you by giving the information that you have asked me for .	Incorrect
Firstly , let me explain the way from the PALACE HOTEL , where your group will be staying , to the conference .	Correct
Firstly , let me explain the route from the PALACE HOTEL , where your group will be staying , to the conference .	Incorrect
The hotel is located in the centre of Seoul , therefore there many ways to get to the conference .	Correct
The hotel is located in the centre of Seoul , therefore there are many ways to get to the conference .	Incorrect
Finally , I would like you to recommend the visit to a traditional Korean palace Kyong Bok for the last day 's free time .	Correct
Finally , I would like to recommend the visit to a traditional Korean palace Kyong Bok for the last day 's free time .	Incorrect
It must be a very interesting visit for the students who has never experienced an oriental atmosphere .	Correct
It must be a very interesting visit for the students who have never experienced an oriental atmosphere .	Incorrect
This report provides the information about Kyong Bok Palace , which is highly recommended to visit for visitors from foreign countries .	Correct
This report provides the information about Kyong Bok Palace , which is highly recommended for visitors from foreign countries to visit .	Incorrect
It highlights the background history and considers the interest of young peoples , and makes a final recommendation .	Correct
It highlights the background history and considers the interest of young people , and makes a final recommendation .	Incorrect
The kingdom Chosun has a history for 500 years and lasted until the beginning of 20th century .	Correct
The kingdom Chosun has a history of 500 years and lasted until the beginning of the 20th century .	Incorrect
As the kings of Chosun loved to be a part of the nature , the palace had a huge garden , however it was destroyed by the army of Japan , and now there remains only a part of the original palace .	Correct
As the kings of Chosun loved to be a part of nature , the palace had a huge garden , however it was destroyed by the Japanese army , and now there remains only a part of the original palace .	Incorrect
There is a special monument for the last queen of Chosun who was killed by the Japanese army .	Correct
There is a special monument to the last queen of Chosun who was killed by the Japanese army .	Incorrect
The reason that this palace is also popular for the youngsters , who tends to dislike the historical visit , would be the various activity .	Correct
The reason that this palace is also popular for the youngsters , who tend to dislike historical visits , would be the various activities .	Incorrect
Also there are performances which helds daily in the front gate of the palace .	Correct
Also there are performances which are held daily at the front gate of the palace .	Incorrect
It is out of question not to visit Kyong Bok Palace unless you do not want to know about Korean history .	Correct
It is out of the question not to visit Kyong Bok Palace unless you do not want to know about Korean history .	Incorrect
I am writing in response to your letter where you asked me to give you more information about international student conference and give some ideas and suggestions of what you and your students can do during your free time here .	Correct
I am writing in response to your letter where you asked me to give you more information about the international student conference and give some ideas and suggestions about what you and your students can do during your free time here .	Incorrect
The group has been booked into the Palace Hotel which is located in the central area of the city , so it will not take you and your students too much time to get to the town hall where the conference is supposed to be progressed .	Correct
The group has been booked into the Palace Hotel , which is located in the central area of the city , so it will not take you and your students too much time to get to the town hall where the conference is supposed to be held .	Incorrect
The easiest way to get there from your hotel is to take buses 461 or 176 ( the bus stop is opposite to the hotel ) or we can hire a minibus for you but there is an extra charge for it .	Correct
The easiest way to get there from your hotel is to take bus 461 or 176 ( the bus stop is opposite the hotel ) or we can hire a minibus for you but there is an extra charge for it .	Incorrect
Less of the party is likely to be as our night club so a lots of music , dancing and fun are provided .	Correct
Less of the party is likely to be as our nightclub so a lot of music , dancing and fun are provided .	Incorrect
Please note that the alchocholich drinks are only sold untill 11 pm .	Correct
Please note that alcoholic drinks are only sold until 11 pm .	Incorrect
Coming back to ideas and Suggestions I'v promised to give you about free afternoon befor you catch your plane I can advise you to visit our zoo or to for a picnik in a park befor you will go to the night party .	Correct
Coming back to ideas and Suggestions , I 've promised to give you a free afternoon before you catch your plane . I would advise you to visit our zoo or to go for a picnic in a park before you go to the party .	Incorrect
Such a simple and usuall things like a telefone , a car , a computer so only seem to be normal and usuall for us ( or we have got used ) as we use them every day .	Correct
Such simple and everyday things like a telephone , a car , a computer only seem to be normal and everyday for us as we use them every day .	Incorrect
Hundred years before people could n't even use an electric lump not saying about a car or computer .	Correct
A hundred years ago people could n't even use an electric lamp , to say nothing of a car or computer .	Incorrect
They have intentions improved our life a lot since they had appeared , but not every one beleives it is really so .	Correct
These inventions have improved our life a lot since they appeared , but not everyone believes it is really so .	Incorrect
Some people say that many of important inventions in our live are not so good and useful as we have got used to see them .	Correct
Some people say that many important inventions in our life are not so good and useful as we have got used to thinking them .	Incorrect
First of all they say about enviroment pollution which cars and other vechicles make , overspending the electricity using electric equipment and some others .	Correct
First of all they talk about the environmental pollution which cars and other vehicles create , overspending the electricity using electric equipment and some other problems .	Incorrect
But to my opinion if peoples inventions take a place in our lifes they are right then .	Correct
But in my opinion if people 's inventions have a place in our lives they are right then .	Incorrect
I think the telefone is the most important thing in many people 's lifes as it makes you to be able to get in touch with anyone does n't matter wherever you are ( I am talking about mobile phones which now have a majority of our choice ) .	Correct
I think the telephone is the most important thing in many people 's lives as it allows you to get in touch with anyone and it does n't matter where you are ( I am talking about mobile phones , which a majority now have through choice ) .	Incorrect
An electric lamp was an important invention hundred years before ( but for that time it was like a revolution ) .	Correct
The electric lamp was an important invention a hundred years ago ( at that time it was like a revolution ) .	Incorrect
I think it would n't be possible to survive for us without an eclectric life .	Correct
I think it would n't be possible for us to survive without electric light .	Incorrect
Because of shipbuilding development people could make all the geographical discoveries , and an automobile transport is undenyable neccecerity in our life .	Correct
Because of shipbuilding developments people were able to make all those geographical discoveries , and automobile transport is an undeniable necessity in our life .	Incorrect
In case of all said I am more likely to think that the benefits of advantages of peopel 's inventions are much higre the all their disadvantages .	Correct
Because of everything I have said I am more likely to think that the benefits of people 's inventions are much greater than all their disadvantages .	Incorrect
I have just read your letter and I am happy to help with giving you some further information .	Correct
I have just read your letter and I am happy to help by giving you some further information .	Incorrect
According to your first question , for the time of conference the students will be staying at the Palace Hotel , where the reservation has been already made .	Correct
In reply to your first question , for the time of the conference the students will be staying at the Palace Hotel , where the reservation has already been made .	Incorrect
It is situated near to our college , about five minutes walk from the nearest tube station , which is South Wimbledon .	Correct
It is situated near to our college , about five minutes ' walk from the nearest tube station , which is South Wimbledon .	Incorrect
As you were informed , there will be a party for all attendants of the conference , which will take place afterwards at the hotel restaurant .	Correct
As you were informed , there will be a party for all participants of the conference , which will take place afterwards in the hotel restaurant .	Incorrect
Minding the fact that it will be entirely sociable meeting I believe that casual clothes are the most suitable option for this event .	Correct
Bearing in mind the fact that it will be a purely social occasion , I believe that casual clothes are the most suitable option for this event .	Incorrect
Finally , answering your last question about student 's day - out , I suggest visiting a local Lawn tennis Museums and Wimbledon Tennis Courts as it is one of the best international tourists attractions .	Correct
Finally , to answer your last question about the students ' day out , I suggest visiting the local Lawn Tennis museums and the Wimbledon Tennis Courts as they are one of the best international tourist attractions .	Incorrect
If you have any further questione , please do not hesitate to contact me .	Correct
If you have any further questions , please do not hesitate to contact me .	Incorrect
SUBJECT : Recomnendations of a place to visit	Correct
SUBJECT : Recommendations for a place to visit	Incorrect
The aim of this report is to give description and recommendation of the most interesting building in the town .	Correct
The aim of this report is to give a description and make a recommendation concerning the most interesting building in the town .	Incorrect
The place I would like to recommend is the seventienth - century Royal Palace .	Correct
The place I would like to recommend is the seventeenth - century Royal Palace .	Incorrect
It is situated in a heart of Warsaw and surrounded by the buildings of an Old Town .	Correct
It is situated in the heart of Warsaw and surrounded by the buildings of the Old Town .	Incorrect
There is a square old Market with the magnificent statue of the King Zygmunt , in the centre of it .	Correct
There is an old market square with the magnificent statue of King Zygmunt in the centre of it .	Incorrect
Inside the Palace , there is a museum of an antique collection of porcalaine .	Correct
Inside the Palace , there is a museum with a collection of antique porcelain .	Incorrect
The Old Town is the best place for afternoon stroll with a great deal of restaurants , caffes and street performers .	Correct
The Old Town is the best place for an afternoon stroll , with a great deal of restaurants , cafes and street performers .	Incorrect
There is an easy reach to cashpoints , lavatories , emergency services , etc .	Correct
Cashpoints , toilets , emergency services etc are within easy reach .	Incorrect
It is easy to get there by any sort of public transport	Correct
It is easy to get there by any sort of public transport .	Incorrect
There are numbers of hotels or youth hostels to stay overninight , if necessary	Correct
There are a number of hotels or youth hostels to stay overnight , if necessary .	Incorrect
Most of the admissions are absolutely free .	Correct
Admission to most places is absolutely free .	Incorrect
A part of the Palace might be closed , due to the constant renovations .	Correct
A part of the Palace might be closed , due to the ongoing renovations .	Incorrect
All the facilities are usually overcrowded during a summer holiday .	Correct
All the facilities are usually overcrowded during the summer holiday .	Incorrect
Dear : Mrs Maria Smith	Correct
Dear Mrs Smith	Incorrect
I am replying your letter for the help you 're being need .	Correct
I am replying to your letter concerning the help you need .	Incorrect
I am plece to tell the information do you need for the group .	Correct
I am pleased to provide the information you need for the group .	Incorrect
The Hotel I was be booked is Palace Hotel wiche is in the center of London just tow blokes from Victoria stations .	Correct
The hotel I booked is the Palace Hotel which is in the centre of London just two blocks from Victoria station .	Incorrect
I think It is verey convenit for the group . you know Victoria area is easy to travel from there to the rest of the city . about the Hotel is cling , and have a good serves the rooms are dobuels and neche have owe bathroom ant for the nomber of student we get a good Valud . and the best way to get the College for the Conference is walking to the Victoria station get the tram to Glouster Road and 3 blokes to the letur hand you will found the College .	Correct
I think it is very convenient for the group . You know the Victoria area , it is easy to travel from there to the rest of the city . About the hotel , it is clean , and provides a good service . The rooms are doubles and each has its own bathroom and for the number of students we are getting good value . And the best way to get to the College for the conference is to walk to Victoria station , get the tram to Glouster Road and after 3 blocks on the left - hand side you will find the College .	Incorrect
Howeve I am goign to make a plan for acche student with all of the diteil and adres .	Correct
However I am going to make a plan for each student with all of the details and the address .	Incorrect
About the party in the end of conference we organise in the same hotel whict have a nice salon .	Correct
About the party at the end of conference , we are organising it in the same hotel which has a nice salon .	Incorrect
Will b good for yor group you do n't need move to anoder place .	Correct
It will be good for your group because you do n't need to move to another place .	Incorrect
We 'll have drink and food and music for dance .	Correct
We 'll have food and drink and music for dancing .	Incorrect
It is not a formal party so I thing is faind wear somethig no too formal .	Correct
It is not a formal party so I think it is fine to wear something not too formal .	Incorrect
I whant to suggestions for the last day you and your group may be go to Green Park and visite the Queen House and the Parlamente this area is very nice and The group would engoin aftha the conference get Freche ear ore another obction could be The new tell galery I never been there but could be a good esxuse for visite It with you .	Correct
I want to suggestions for the last day . You and your group could maybe go to Green Park and visit the Queen 's house and Parliament , this area is very nice and the group would engoin after the conference to get some fresh air . Another option could be the new Tell Gallery . I have never been there but it could be a good excuse to visit it with you .	Incorrect
I have been hearing about the Ave they have in Exivicuion is interesting .	Correct
I have been hearing about the Ave they have in the exhibition , it is interesting .	Incorrect
I hope you found thes letter uselfuel and If you have nay question let my know .	Correct
I hope you found this letter useful and if you have any questions , let me know .	Incorrect
I am looking forway to see you soon .	Correct
I am looking forward to seeing you soon .	Incorrect
Yoors sincerely	Correct
Yours sincerely	Incorrect
The Computer was invented 30 year or mor ago and estart lake a procesing information with a big cad was perfored and maked a smol hold and aeche hold mean something lake a Codig .	Correct
The computer was invented 30 years or more ago and started processing information with a big card which was perforated and made a small hole and each hole meant something like a code .	Incorrect
The maching was used for read this cad was too big you use to need a room for our Computer .	Correct
The machine that was used for reading this card was very big , you used to need a room for the computer .	Incorrect
I remember when I had the fare lesson in the Univerty and the ticher took as to the Computer Center an I sow these machins all my College an my were lofing was very dificul Imagent how you Can work in these Kan of Computer .	Correct
I remember when I had the first lesson at the University and the teacher took us to the Computer Centre and I saw these machines , all my colleagues and I were laughing was very difficult to imagine how you can work with this kind of computer .	Incorrect
In these days the Computer is part of the own life you use it all the time some time you do persona or anoder is Jost the thingh you need do like go to the bank , us the transpor , go for shoping etc . is a maching make the life easy and ibendow you can cari it every where is amaising the way as the fas the computer changes the programas are mor quicks and For useful and practicals	Correct
These days the computer is part of your life , you use it all the time . Sometimes you do personal and other times it is just the things you need to do like go to the bank , use transport , go shopping etc . It is a machine that makes life easy and ibendow you can carry it everywhere . It is amazing the way as the fas the computer changes , the programs are faster and more useful and practical .	Incorrect
But the Computer have the bad sead to I whand mean we life aeche day depende mor and mor for It .	Correct
But the computer has a bad side too . I whand mean we life each day we depend more and more on it .	Incorrect
So I feel ascere when I thing about the consercuencias if some of the virus or mad prapoel make bad use lake hapen thise days with the sex or other .	Correct
So I feel scared when I think about the consequences if some of the viruses or mad people misuse as happens these days with sex or other .	Incorrect
I work with children an the Computer help my Jop bat affeted to .	Correct
I work with children and the computer helps me in my job but affects it too .	Incorrect
So I hope the Wold meke Consense about and the Inguener in Compueter work have in estop these probleme because some good could be some thig very danger .	Correct
So I hope the world reaches agreement about this and computer engineers have to prevent these problems because something good could be something very dangerous .	Incorrect
I am writing to give you some advice of an international student conference .	Correct
I am writing to give you some advice about the international student conference .	Incorrect
First of all , the name of hotel which we have been booked into is Palace Hotel .	Correct
First of all , the name of the hotel which we have been booked into is the Palace Hotel .	Incorrect
And we have two choices to get to the conference , a bus or a train .	Correct
And we have two ways to get to the conference , a bus or a train .	Incorrect
Both of them are as convinience as getting there .	Correct
Both of them are as convenient as getting there .	Incorrect
The day before we will leave there , we have a party which takes place in our hotel .	Correct
The day before we will leave , we have a party which takes place in our hotel .	Incorrect
It is a kind of formal party , so we should be well - dressed .	Correct
It is a kind of formal party , so we should be well dressed .	Incorrect
I suggest that you wear a formal dress .	Correct
I suggest that you wear formal dress .	Incorrect
There is some finger foods and drinks .	Correct
There will be some finger food and drinks .	Incorrect
It might be a great party for end of conference .	Correct
It might be a great party for the end of the conference .	Incorrect
End of all , in my opinion we could go a center of the town because there is many places to have a look and go shopping .	Correct
End of all , in my opinion we could go to the centre of the town because there are many places to have a look at and go shopping .	Incorrect
It 's quite a nice and a suitable place to spend for three hours .	Correct
It 's quite a nice area and a suitable place to spend three hours .	Incorrect
If a telephone haven't been invented , we would n't have lived perfectly like nowadays .	Correct
If the telephone had n't been invented , we would n't have lived perfectly like nowadays .	Incorrect
Would n't you think we rely on it more than we expect ?	Correct
Do n't you think we rely on it more than we imagine ?	Incorrect
A telephone is used when we need to contact with someone , and also an emergency situation and an internet .	Correct
A telephone is used when we need to contact someone , and also in emergency situations and for the Internet .	Incorrect
It has various way to use , however , nowadays it is not only used by these purpose , but also it keeps our company .	Correct
It has various ways to use . However , nowadays it is not only used for these purposes , but also it keeps us company .	Incorrect
Even if you feel alone , you can talk and hear from your friend easily .	Correct
If you feel lonely , you can talk and hear from your friends easily .	Incorrect
Long time ago people lived without this perfect invention .	Correct
A long time ago people lived without this perfect invention .	Incorrect
They used to keep in touch with someone with a letter .	Correct
They used to keep in touch by letter .	Incorrect
In spite of taking a lot of time to catch up with , it was a only way .	Correct
In spite of taking a lot of time to catch up with , it was the only way .	Incorrect
So that 's why they have invented a telephon .	Correct
So that 's why they have invented the telephone .	Incorrect
Now we could feel the world closer and closer beaus of a telephone .	Correct
Now we can feel the world closer and closer beaus of a telephone .	Incorrect
Who would n't thank for this great invention ?	Correct
Who would n't be thankful for this great invention ?	Incorrect
I received your letter and I 'm pleased to answer your questions .	Correct
I have received your letter and I 'm pleased to answer your questions .	Incorrect
This is a first class hotel .	Correct
This is a first - class hotel .	Incorrect
The easiest way from the hotel to the conference is with the bus .	Correct
The easiest way to get from the hotel to the conference is by bus .	Incorrect
Take the bus in direction center town .	Correct
Take the bus in the direction of the centre of town .	Incorrect
After four stops get off the bus .	Correct
After four stops , get off the bus .	Incorrect
If you leave the bus , the conference is in the house opposite the road .	Correct
When you get off the bus , the conference is in the building across the road .	Incorrect
Afterwards we will eat together in a restaurant and we will go in a disco .	Correct
Afterwards we will eat together in a restaurant and we will go to a disco .	Incorrect
For the disco you musn't wear blue jeans .	Correct
For the disco , you must n't wear blue jeans .	Incorrect
Finally at your last day I propose you to do a sightseeing tour in our town .	Correct
Finally , on your last day , I suggest you do a sightseeing tour in our town .	Incorrect
Afterwards you will have any time to buy some souvenirs from Switzerland .	Correct
Afterwards you will have some time to buy some souvenirs from Switzerland .	Incorrect
If you have any more questions , write me back .	Correct
If you have any more questions , write back to me .	Incorrect
Yours sincerely ,	Correct
Yours faithfully ,	Incorrect
With the computer our work is easier and more interesting .	Correct
With the computer , our work is easier and more interesting .	Incorrect
Before the time with computers , people had to write every time a whole letter .	Correct
Before the time of computers , people had to write a whole letter every time .	Incorrect
When they would correct a word , they had to write the whole letter again .	Correct
When they wanted to correct a word , they had to write the whole letter again .	Incorrect
With the computer we can write a letter , correct a word or change the name without writting the whole letter again . We save the letter and in three week we could send it to another person .	Correct
With the computer , we can write a letter , correct a word or change the name without writing the whole letter again . We save the letter and in three weeks we could send it to another person .	Incorrect
I work at a bank and I work all day with computers .	Correct
I work in a bank and I work all day with computers .	Incorrect
If we hand't ay one , we had to write all the transactions on papers .	Correct
If we had n't any , we would have to write all the transactions on paper .	Incorrect
If I order money for our bank with the computer I can be sure that I will arrive the day after .	Correct
If I order money for our bank with the computer , I can be sure that it will arrive the day after .	Incorrect
But if I had to write a letter and to send it by post , the money will arrive two or three days after .	Correct
But if I had to write a letter and to send it by post , the money would arrive two or three days after .	Incorrect
I have never work without a computer , but if we had n't any we would it find normally .	Correct
I have never worked without a computer , but if we had n't any , we would find it normal .	Incorrect
Mrs Maria Smith ,	Correct
Dear Mrs Maria Smith ,	Incorrect
I 'm pleased to be able to help you for the international student conference .	Correct
I 'm pleased to be able to help you with the international student conference .	Incorrect
The hotel in which the group has been booked to is the Palace hotel , which is situated near the big bridge of Mont Blanc .	Correct
The hotel into which the group has been booked is the Palace Hotel , which is situated near the big bridge of Mont Blanc .	Incorrect
To get from the hotel to the conference , you have to take the highway indirection of Lausanne , and after nearly half an hour of driving you come out at the place which is indicated with Coppet , Divonne .	Correct
To get from the hotel to the conference , you have to take the highway in the direction of Lausanne , and after nearly half an hour of driving you come out at the place which is indicated with Coppet , Divonne .	Incorrect
When you come out , just go on your right , and then turn left to follow the indications to the Chtaigneroie school .	Correct
When you come out , just go right , and then turn left to follow the directions to the Chtaigneroie School .	Incorrect
you should wear some formal clothes , but not necessary really pretty clothes	Correct
You should wear formal clothes , but not necessarily really pretty clothes .	Incorrect
I hope that these informations will help you	Correct
I hope that this information will help you .	Incorrect
The portable phone , a very useful invention !	Correct
The mobile phone , a very useful invention !	Incorrect
During all mankind history , there were discovers who tried to make human life better , but it is in the last century that there were the most biggest discoveries made .	Correct
During all mankind 's history , there were discoverers who tried to make human life better , but it is in the last century that the biggest discoveries were made .	Incorrect
When the phone without cable was invented , one was n't sure if it would be a success or not .	Correct
When the phone without a cable was invented , one was n't sure if it would be a success or not .	Incorrect
But the research went on , and the portable phone is getting always smaller and more useful .	Correct
But the research went on , and the mobile phone is always getting smaller and more useful .	Incorrect
The portable phone is an important invention , because nearly everybody has one , and so one can always call somebody if there is a problem .	Correct
The mobile phone is an important invention , because nearly everybody has one , and so one can always call somebody if there is a problem .	Incorrect
Moreover , some portable phones have a connection to the web , so it is easy to read newspapers if one hasn't enough money to buy it .	Correct
Moreover , some mobile phones have a connection to the Web , so it is easy to read the newspapers if one hasn't enough money to buy them .	Incorrect
Personally , the portable phone has affected my own life , because when somebody is phoning at home , I do n't have to rush to take the phone , being afraid that it 's too late .	Correct
Personally , the mobile phone has affected my own life , because when somebody is phoning me at home , I do n't have to rush to get the phone , being afraid that it 's too late .	Incorrect
I recommend this extremely important invention to those who still do n't have a portable phone .	Correct
I recommend this extremely important invention to those who still do n't have a mobile phone .	Incorrect
I would be pleased to help you about all your questions and I will provide you some information which you need as much as I can .	Correct
I would be pleased to help you with all your questions and I will provide you with the information which you need as far as I can .	Incorrect
I would like to inform you that Centeral Red Lion Hotel has been booked for the accomadation of the group and it will be quite easy to get every where from the hotel on foot during your stay .	Correct
I would like to inform you that Centeral Red Lion Hotel has been booked for the accommodation of the group and it will be quite easy to get everywhere on foot from the hotel during your stay .	Incorrect
As you know that we arrange an evening party on the third day of the week , we can say that a kind of relaxation time .	Correct
As you know , we are arranging an evening party on the third day of the week , we can say that it is a kind of relaxation time .	Incorrect
Nothing will be spacial .	Correct
Nothing will be special .	Incorrect
Place is College garden .	Correct
The place is the college garden .	Incorrect
Time is 7 pm .	Correct
The time is 7 pm .	Incorrect
There is no need to bother about clouths .	Correct
There is no need to bother about clothes .	Incorrect
Everybody can put on something casual .	Correct
Everybody can wear something casual .	Incorrect
Befor leav from England I suggest you to visit the cannals and small villages around Basingstoke . You could find the opportunaty to see the country life .	Correct
Before you leave England , I suggest you visit the canals and small villages around Basingstoke . You could have the opportunity to see the country life .	Incorrect
I have to admit that whoever invented the cars and transportation vehicles did the most respectable invention of the word .	Correct
I have to admit that whoever invented cars and transportation vehicles came up with the most respectable inventions of the world .	Incorrect
I say that it must be the most important thing for us because they save our times passing so fast .	Correct
I say that they must be the most important things for us because they save our time passing so fast .	Incorrect
Can you deny how quickly we get somewhere by car or by bus .	Correct
Can you deny how quickly we get somewhere by car or by bus ?	Incorrect
May be 10 times as quick as getting somewhere on foot .	Correct
It is maybe 10 times as quick as getting somewhere on foot .	Incorrect
Try to imagine your life without having anyof them .	Correct
Try to imagine your life without having any of them .	Incorrect
Would n't be unbarable and painful .	Correct
Would n't it be unbearable and painful ?	Incorrect
Ceartainly it would be just like mine .	Correct
Certainly it would be just like mine .	Incorrect
Because I live in a rural area far from any village , town , or city center .	Correct
Because I live in a rural area , far from any village , town , or city centre .	Incorrect
The nearest civilization takes me 1 hour on foot .	Correct
To reach the nearest civilization takes me 1 hour on foot .	Incorrect
I have no car , no local bus service to use .	Correct
I have no car , and no local bus service to use .	Incorrect
Even comeing to Basingstoke seems like a international journey to me .	Correct
Even coming to Basingstoke seems like an international journey to me .	Incorrect
And ofcause this stops me everytime to live sociable life .	Correct
And of course this stops me everytime to live sociable life .	Incorrect
But also I 'm aware of that the time flies for me . I must do whatever I want befor it is too late .	Correct
But also I 'm aware that time flies for me . I must do whatever I want before it is too late .	Incorrect
And I have to confess the invention of the car was the most usefull invention for the humanity .	Correct
And I have to confess the invention of the car was the most useful invention for humanity .	Incorrect
I was delighted to receive your letter and to know that a group of students from your college have decided to take a part in our international student conference .	Correct
I was delighted to receive your letter and to know that a group of students from your college have decided to take part in our international student conference .	Incorrect
As you need more information , I answer all your questions with plesuare .	Correct
As you need more information , I will answer all your questions with pleasure .	Incorrect
It is one of the most comfortable hotels in our sity and situated only half a mile from main building of our college , so it is very simple to get from there to the conference by foot .	Correct
It is one of the most comfortable hotels in our city and situated only half a mile from the main building of our college , so it is very simple to get from there to the conference by foot .	Incorrect
Secondly , our end - of - conference party is included dinner and dancing , I would advise you to wear something not very formal .	Correct
Secondly , our end - of - conference party includes dinner and dancing . I would advise you to wear something not very formal .	Incorrect
Finally , you can spend an afternoon on the last day visiting local historical places ( castles , builded in 13-th century ) or art gallery , as well as beatiful Bodnant garden .	Correct
Finally , you can spend an afternoon on the last day visiting local historic places ( castles built in the 13th century ) or art galleries , as well as the beautiful Bodnant Garden .	Incorrect
I am looking forward to the meeting with you and mutual work during conference .	Correct
I am looking forward to the meeting with you and our shared work during conference .	Incorrect
Your sincerely	Correct
Yours sincerely	Incorrect
We are so used to them , that sometimes think they existed always .	Correct
We are so used to them that sometimes we think they always existed .	Incorrect
Some of them are very practical , other are rather strange .	Correct
Some of them are very practical , others are rather strange .	Incorrect
I thing , that one of the most importent and affecting our life inventions is the telephone .	Correct
I think that one of the most important inventions affecting our life is the telephone .	Incorrect
Imagine life without phone .	Correct
Imagine life without a phone .	Incorrect
You are on the road , you have car accident .	Correct
You are on the road , you have a car accident .	Incorrect
What are you going to do without phone ?	Correct
What are you going to do without a phone ?	Incorrect
On another situation , your son is ill , he needs help urgently .	Correct
In another situation , your son is ill , he needs help urgently .	Incorrect
I am sure , the phone has saved many lifes .	Correct
I am sure the phone has saved many lives .	Incorrect
Besides , it is always very nice to ring your friend or mum , only for chating in any time .	Correct
Besides , it is always very nice to ring your friend or mum , only to chat in any time .	Incorrect
Thanks the phone , it is possible even your mam is on the other end of the Earth .	Correct
Thanks to the phone , it is possible to speak to your mum even when she is at the other end of the Earth .	Incorrect
To be honest , next great invention of people , computer , ca n't work , if you haven't got the phone .	Correct
To be honest , the next greatest invention of mankind , the computer , ca n't work if you haven't got the phone .	Incorrect
So I am very grateful to man , who invented it , unfornutely , I have forgotten his name .	Correct
So I am very grateful to the man who invented it . Unfortunately , I have forgotten his name .	Incorrect
It always happens with people , does n't ?	Correct
It always happens with people , does n't it ?	Incorrect
Try to ask who invented the will or the book .	Correct
Try asking who invented the wheel or the book .	Incorrect
it is with great regret that I hear of Mr Brown 's illness , and hope to see him soon in an excellent health .	Correct
it is with great regret that I hear of Mr Brown 's illness , and I hope to see him soon in excellent health .	Incorrect
Furthermore , since it is located between the airport and our location , a bus shuttle has been organised to pick all our guests from the hotel to the conference room .	Correct
Furthermore , since it is located between the airport and our location , a shuttle bus has been organised to take all our guests from the hotel to the conference room .	Incorrect
The end - of - conference party is to be held at the ' Royal Room ' of the hotel , which has an outstanding reputation for its quality and seriousness .	Correct
The end - of - conference party is to be held in the ' Royal Room ' of the hotel , which has an outstanding reputation for its quality and seriousness .	Incorrect
Therefore , all guests will be asked to wear the corresponding clothes in order to be accepted .	Correct
Therefore , all the guests will be asked to wear the appropriate clothes in order to be accepted .	Incorrect
As for the three hours of free time , I strongly suggest you to check - in your lugages at the airport and then , after a five - minutes bus ride , spend your time in the marvellous ' Old City ' .	Correct
As for the three hours of free time , I strongly suggest you check your luggage in at the airport and then , after a five - minute bus ride , spend your time in the marvellous ' Old City ' .	Incorrect
The technological revolution taking place today can be directly linked to the amazing evolution of our communication abilities throughout those last years .	Correct
The technological revolution taking place today can be directly linked to the amazing evolution of our communications technology over the last few years .	Incorrect
The inevitable invention symbolizing this aspect in our ordinary life is , of course , the mobile phone .	Correct
The inevitable invention symbolizing this aspect in our daily life is , of course , the mobile phone .	Incorrect
It is clear and irrefutable that the use of this invention has becomed a necessary condition in some professional activities .	Correct
It is clear and irrefutable that the use of this invention has become a necessary condition in some professional activities .	Incorrect
However , the common man seems to ignore how important and useful a mobile phone becomes , when in the hands of a high - school student .	Correct
However , the average man seems to ignore how important and useful a mobile phone becomes when in the hands of a high - school student .	Incorrect
It becomes then a real obsession for the average students , as e uses it before the lessons , during the lessons , during lunch and , especially , during examinations ...	Correct
It then becomes a real obsession for the average student , as he uses it before the lessons , during the lessons , during lunch and , especially , during examinations ...	Incorrect
Nevertheless , it is also a common mistake to believe that the sole purpose of such an usage is to communicate information during an exam , since its major role is actually to allow the student and the parents to discuss during everyday 's courses .	Correct
Nevertheless , it is also a common mistake to believe that the sole purpose of such usage is to communicate information during an exam , since its major role is actually to allow the student and the parents to discuss during every day 's courses .	Incorrect
Bottom line is that any teacher complaining about this situation should confiscate not the student 's phone , but his parents ' !	Correct
The bottom line is that any teacher complaining about this situation should confiscate not the student 's phone , but his parents ' !	Incorrect
I have just received the letter from you and I 'm writting to you as soon as posible .	Correct
I have just received the letter from you and I 'm writing to you as soon as possible .	Incorrect
I can promise to you that I 'll do my best to help you .	Correct
I can promise you that I 'll do my best to help you .	Incorrect
Poor Mr. Brown , I hope he will get better soon .	Correct
Poor Mr. Brown . I hope he will get better soon .	Incorrect
As I 've just checked the group has been booked into The Palace Hotel .	Correct
I 've just checked and the group has been booked into The Palace Hotel .	Incorrect
The best way to get from there to the conference is by coache , that I have arranged for you .	Correct
The best way to get from there to the conference is by coach , which I have arranged for you .	Incorrect
The driver Mr. Olsson works for us since .	Correct
The driver , Mr. Olsson , works for us since .	Incorrect
He will pick you up at 11 oo a.m. The conference is from 12 oo to 2 oo p.m. At the end of conference is a party from 2 oo to 3 oo .	Correct
He will pick you up at 11:00 a.m. The conference is from 12:00 to 2:00 p.m. At the end of the conference there is a party from 2:00 to 3:00 .	Incorrect
I suggest you to wear comfortable and nice clothes because I have planed a sightseeing for you before your plane at 8 oo p.m. I 'd like to show you a museum , a gallery and the gardens that are belonging to the palace .	Correct
I suggest you wear comfortable and nice clothes because I have planned a sightseeing tour for you . Before you catch your plane at 8:00 p.m. I 'd like to show you a museum , a gallery and the gardens that belong to the palace .	Incorrect
Then we can have a rest in the caffee and talk before your flight home .	Correct
Then we can have a rest in the cafe and talk before your flight home .	Incorrect
I think I gave you all importen informations .	Correct
I think I have given you all the important information .	Incorrect
I hope to see you all soon ,	Correct
I hope to see you all soon .	Incorrect
Nowdays motorization is one of the most important inventions .	Correct
Nowadays motorization is one of the most important inventions .	Incorrect
As you look amoung everybody has a car or motorcycle .	Correct
When you look around everybody has a car or motorcycle .	Incorrect
No matter that people started worred more about polution in the world .	Correct
No matter that people started worried more about pollution in the world .	Incorrect
Let me to tell you , how invention of motorcycle has affected my life .	Correct
Let me to tell you how the invention of the motorcycle has affected my life .	Incorrect
I love motocycles and I do n't think I could live without them .	Correct
I love motorcycles and I do n't think I could live without them .	Incorrect
I drive motocycle since I was 16 year old .	Correct
I have ridden a motorcycle since I was 16 years old .	Incorrect
Me and my brother we used to go to the rock concerts .	Correct
Me and my brother used to go to rock concerts .	Incorrect
We have met a lot of people there same mad about motorcycle as we were .	Correct
We met a lot of people there who were as mad about motorcycles as we were .	Incorrect
We were avenging races and trips .	Correct
We organized races and trips .	Incorrect
We were driving motocycles few day befour we finally had got to mitting points .	Correct
We rode motorcycles for a few days before we finally got to our meeting points .	Incorrect
I really enjoy driving motocycle .	Correct
I really enjoy riding my motorcycle .	Incorrect
People say that is dangerous , I do n't think so .	Correct
People say that it is dangerous ; I do n't think so .	Incorrect
When I drive is only me and my motocycle .	Correct
When I ride it is only me and my motorcycle .	Incorrect
Before me and after are my friends that I like and trust .	Correct
In front of me and behind are my friends , who I like and trust .	Incorrect
And around me nature that I can watch and enjoy while we shop fore camp .	Correct
And around me is the countryside , which I can watch and enjoy while we look for a camp .	Incorrect
We can go to any place we like , avoid traffic and to full buses , trains , etc .	Correct
We can go to any place we like , avoiding traffic and crowded buses and trains , etc .	Incorrect
I am really greatful for people who invented the first motocycle in the world .	Correct
I am really grateful to the people who invented the first motorcycle in the world .	Incorrect
I feel very bad about that I do n't know who was it .	Correct
I feel very bad about the fact that I do n't know who it was .	Incorrect
On the other hand no matter that I feel very good about that because that invention has changed and affected my life end people I care about , has affected my life in a very best way .	Correct
On the other hand no matter that I feel very good about that because that invention has changed and affected my life and the people I care about ; it has affected my life in the very best way .	Incorrect
As you asked me in the letter , I am very happy to help you with finding out details of the conference .	Correct
As you asked me in the letter , I am very happy to help you with the details of the conference .	Incorrect
The hotel that your group will be staying at is Palace Hotel .	Correct
The hotel that your group will be staying at is the Palace Hotel .	Incorrect
It is reasonably near to the college , so it may be very good to walk from the hotel along River Thames following yellow signs on sunny days .	Correct
It is reasonably near to the college , so it may be very nice to walk from the hotel along the River Thames following the yellow signs on sunny days .	Incorrect
If it rains , you can take bus 54 that stops in front of the college .	Correct
If it rains , you can take the 54 bus that stops in front of the college .	Incorrect
The end - of - conference party is designed to give rough ideas about many different cultures .	Correct
The end - of - conference party is designed to give a taste of many different cultures .	Incorrect
As a part of this , the leader of each group has to wear a costume of her country .	Correct
As a part of this , the leader of each group has to wear the national dress of her country .	Incorrect
Other members of groups can wear a normal pretty formal dress .	Correct
Other members of the groups can wear normal , attractive formal dress .	Incorrect
On the last day , I recommend that you will visit the place that is located at the centre of our city .	Correct
On the last day , I recommend that you visit the place that is located at the centre of our city .	Incorrect
Well , I am sure that you can hardly do this unless you are living deep in a forest or in a dessert !	Correct
Well , I am sure that you can hardly do this unless you are living deep in a forest or in a desert !	Incorrect
If you think about how many computers we use every day and how dependent we are on them , it must be clear that invention of computers has certainly had a significant impact on all our lives .	Correct
If you think about how many computers we use every day and how dependent we are on them , it must be clear to you that the invention of computers has certainly had a significant impact on all our lives .	Incorrect
For example , all infrastructures such as transports and power stations are ran using computers government uses them to organise all sorts of things in a country , and all kids of services and businesses such as hospitals and supermarkets use them as essential capitals .	Correct
For example , all infrastructures , such as public transport and power stations , are run using computers , the government uses them to organise all sorts of things in a country , and all kinds of institutions and businesses , such as hospitals and supermarkets , use them as essential capitals .	Incorrect
It improves productivity of my homework , that is often essay writing , and also it allows me to access to the internet .	Correct
It improves the productivity of my homework , which often involves essay writing , and also it allows me to access the Internet .	Incorrect
Since I live abroad , the internet is really useful for me to have a contact with my bestfriend and to know what is going on in my home country .	Correct
Since I live abroad , the Internet is really useful for me to have a contact with my best friend and when I want to know what is going on in my home country .	Incorrect
To sum up , I can say that the greatest ever invention is the invention of computers that has affected both indivisuals and a society as a whole .	Correct
To sum up , I can say that the greatest ever invention is the invention of computers , which has affected both individuals and society as a whole .	Incorrect
I am writing in reply to your enquiry about this year international conference .	Correct
I am writing in reply to your enquiry about this year 's international conference .	Incorrect
There will be signs to follow from Central train station .	Correct
There will be signs to follow from the central train station .	Incorrect
The conference is commensing on 31st June 2001 from 10.00 - 15.00 .	Correct
The conference commences on 31st June 2001 from 10.00 - 15.00 .	Incorrect
Light lunch will be provided .	Correct
A light lunch will be provided .	Incorrect
There is no dressed - code for the party .	Correct
There is no dress code for the party .	Incorrect
However I suggest you could wear the same outfit as you wear for the conference .	Correct
However , I suggest you wear the same outfit that you will wear for the conference .	Incorrect
I have included the local map , there are some ideas at the back of the map .	Correct
I have included a local map . There are some ideas on the back of the map .	Incorrect
Please let me know if you would like to book one of the city - walk tours , We have arrange spacial discounts for the conference attendance .	Correct
Please let me know if you would like to book one of the city - walk tours . We have arranged special discounts for the conference attendees .	Incorrect
Personly I recommend the Dicken 's tour because it is a good length of walking and very historical .	Correct
Personally I recommend the Dickens tour because it is a good length walk and very historical .	Incorrect
I hope that I have covered all information you would need and look forward to seeing you .	Correct
I hope that I have covered all the information you will need and look forward to seeing you .	Incorrect
Your sincerely ,	Correct
Yours sincerely ,	Incorrect
P.S. Please find the enclosed map .	Correct
P.S. Please find the map enclosed .	Incorrect
I believe Liverpool Street Station is at the top list .	Correct
I believe Liverpool Street Station is at the top of the list .	Incorrect
Despite the fact that this building has served half - a million commuters in a day , it always clean and functional .	Correct
Despite the fact that this building serves half a million commuters in a day , it is always clean and functional .	Incorrect
There are two parts of Liverpool Street Station that make it so interesting building .	Correct
There are two parts of Liverpool Street Station that make it so interesting a building .	Incorrect
The newly decorated section is fairly modern style with escalators and touched - screen ticket machine .	Correct
The newly decorated section is fairly modern in style with escalators and touch - screen ticket machines .	Incorrect
It is also very well linked into the old underground station which it is such a contrast in transformation .	Correct
It is also very well linked to the old underground station , which is such a contrast in transformation .	Incorrect
You could really imagine how it looked like in the old day .	Correct
You can really imagine what it looked like in the old days .	Incorrect
At the far back of the station is also connected to a spacious well designed pedestrians park .	Correct
At the far side of the station it is connected to a spacious , well - designed public park .	Incorrect
It is a good example of a great architecture that was designed to provide services to the public .	Correct
It is a good example of great architecture that was designed to provide services for the public .	Incorrect
Finally , it is in the heart of city and everyone would be able to find without doubt .	Correct
Finally , it is in the heart of the city and without doubt everyone will be able to find it .	Incorrect
So the conference will be a great experience to you and your group .	Correct
So the conference will be a great experience for you and your group .	Incorrect
A free shuttel - bus gets you to the conference - center .	Correct
A free shuttle bus takes you to the conference centre .	Incorrect
The bus leavs at 8 a.m. at the front entrance of the hotel .	Correct
The bus leaves at 8 a.m. from the front entrance of the hotel .	Incorrect
The end - of - conference party is playing in a rent and in the greenground .	Correct
The end - of - conference party is in a tent and in the grounds .	Incorrect
There will be a barbecue , a place to dance and many more .	Correct
There will be a barbecue , a place to dance and much more .	Incorrect
It is a surprice !	Correct
It will be a surprise !	Incorrect
I suggest to wear leisure - clothes to the party .	Correct
I suggest that you wear leisure clothes for the party .	Incorrect
The last afternoon you could go on a city - tour , visite the museum of Fine Arts or enjoy the beautiful flower garden next to the common park .	Correct
On the last afternoon you could go on a city tour , visit the Museum of Fine Arts , or enjoy the beautiful flower garden next to the public park .	Incorrect
I hope I could give you some ideas . I look forward to seeing you .	Correct
I hope I have been able to give you some ideas . I look forward to seeing you .	Incorrect
Have you ever thought about a world without phone ?	Correct
Have you ever thought about a world without the phone ?	Incorrect
How was it in the 18 century with no opportunity to communicate by phone and how would it be now ?	Correct
What was it like in the 18th century with no possibility of communicating by phone , and what would it be like now ?	Incorrect
We are living in a busy world .	Correct
We live in a busy world .	Incorrect
In the business world you use the phone all the time to speak with your clients , to make appointments , to order an article e.c . ; then , time is money !	Correct
In the business world you use the phone all the time to speak with your clients , to make appointments , to order an article etc . ; so , time is money !	Incorrect
How has the phone affected my own life ? I think , that is a good question to think about . I could not call my friends from an other city and just say " hello " .	Correct
How has the phone affected my own life ? I think that is a good question to think about . I could not call my friends from another city and just say " hello " .	Incorrect
It would be difficult and take more time to make an appointment .	Correct
It would be difficult and would take more time to make an appointment .	Incorrect
So , what did the phone - revolution for us ?	Correct
So , what has the phone revolution done for us ?	Incorrect
It saves time .	Correct
It saves us time .	Incorrect
Actually , the college is situated 500 meters away from the Hotel .	Correct
Actually , the college is situated 500 metres from the hotel .	Incorrect
It will begin at 7 p.m and last until late in the evening .	Correct
It will begin at 7 p.m . and last until late in the evening .	Incorrect
In fact , the purpose of the end - of - conference party is to relax after a busy day , therefore you and your students can put jeans and sport shoes on .	Correct
In fact , the purpose of the end - of - conference party is to relax after a busy day . Therefore you and your students can put jeans and sport shoes on .	Incorrect
I hope the international student conference will help to know each other better and that it will be a success .	Correct
I hope the international student conference will help everyone to get to know each other better and that it will be a success .	Incorrect
I 'm writing in reply to your letter in which you asked me information on an interesting building to visit .	Correct
I 'm writing in reply to your letter in which you asked me for information on an interesting building to visit .	Incorrect
There is so many places of interest in Lausanne , but I think that the Olympic Museum is the most notable for the following reasons :	Correct
There are so many places of interest in Lausanne , but I think that the Olympic Museum is the most notable for the following reasons :	Incorrect
You can see the evolution of sports and understand why changes gradually have been done to improve them .	Correct
You can see the evolution of sports and understand why changes gradually have been made to improve them .	Incorrect
You can admire every kind of equipments you need to do any particular sport .	Correct
You can admire every kind of equipment you need to do any particular sport .	Incorrect
You will be informed about the story of sport in general and about the new technologies which are used nowaday n high competitions .	Correct
You will be informed about the history of sport in general and about the new technologies which are used nowadays in high competitions .	Incorrect
The museum is near the city center and is accessible by bus or walking .	Correct
The museum is near the city centre and is accessible by bus or walking .	Incorrect
It will takes you an afternoon to visit it and then you can enjoy a drink or a meal in the restaurant on the third floor , well - known for being one of the best establishment in Lausanne .	Correct
It will take you an afternoon to visit it and then you can enjoy a drink or a meal in the restaurant on the third floor , which is well known for being one of the best establishments in Lausanne .	Incorrect
First of all , your group has been booked into the Palace Hotel , Main - Road 21 , which is situated not far from our college .	Correct
First of all , your group has been booked into the Palace Hotel , 21 Main Road , which is situated not far from our college .	Incorrect
I 'd suggest you to walk , it will only take you about seven minutes .	Correct
I 'd suggest you walk . It will only take you about seven minutes .	Incorrect
Just follow Main - Road until to reach a junction , where you turn right and then walk along Denl - a - Lion Road .	Correct
Just follow Main Road until you reach a junction , where you turn right and then walk along Denl - a - Lion Road .	Incorrect
Secondly , you have required information about the end - of - conference party .	Correct
Secondly , you have requested information about the end - of - conference party .	Incorrect
There is no need putting on special clothes for the party , casual ones should do it as well , for we want everyone to feel comfortable .	Correct
There is no need to put on special clothes for the party . Casual dress should do just as well , because we want everyone to feel comfortable .	Incorrect
Last but not least I will give you some ideas of where to spend your free afternoon .	Correct
Last but not least I will give you some ideas about where to spend your free afternoon .	Incorrect
I 'd suggest you to visit our local museum , as there is a marvellous exhibition there at the moment .	Correct
I 'd suggest you visit our local museum , as there is a marvellous exhibition there at the moment .	Incorrect
Provided the weather is fine , you could also go swimming or make a tour through our beautiful town .	Correct
Provided the weather is fine , you could also go swimming or make a tour of our beautiful town .	Incorrect
( I could book a guide for you if you 're interested )	Correct
( I could book a guide for you if you 're interested . )	Incorrect
Not being able to call your friend and ask if you can pop in for a moment ?	Correct
Not being able to call your friend and ask if you can pop over for a moment ?	Incorrect
When Alexander Graham Bell first invented the telephone , he had no idea of how popular it would be one day .	Correct
When Alexander Graham Bell first invented the telephone , he had no idea how popular it would be one day .	Incorrect
Its first appliance was in order to listen to a concert if you were not able to attend it in person .	Correct
Its first application was in order to listen to a concert if you were not able to attend it in person .	Incorrect
Nowadays , however , the whole world is connected by a telephone system and no one could imagine life without it .	Correct
Nowadays , however , the whole world is connected by a telephone system and no one can imagine life without it .	Incorrect
Please transmit him my best wishes for his recovery .	Correct
Please give him my best wishes for his recovery .	Incorrect
It is a very cosy building that is on the same avenue as the conference building , approximetively one mile away .	Correct
It is a very cosy building that is on the same avenue as the conference building , approximately one mile away .	Incorrect
There is a direct bus link between the two locations : this is bus line number six ; the bus station for the conference building is called " Avenue de cour " and the one at the Palace Hotel is named " Main station " .	Correct
There is a direct bus link between the two locations : this is the number six bus line ; the bus stop for the conference building is called " Avenue de cour " and the one at the Palace Hotel is named " Main station " .	Incorrect
Concerning the party we do not have a casual dressing code .	Correct
Concerning the party , we do not have a casual dress code .	Incorrect
students usually wear dark clothes with a tie for the boys and a mid - long skirt or dress for the girls .	Correct
Students usually wear dark clothes , with a tie for the boys and a medium - length skirt or dress for the girls .	Incorrect
I would like to suggest visiting the " Ethnographic Museum , , which is kind of unique in the world .	Correct
I would like to suggest visiting the " Ethnographic Museum " which is kind of unique in the world .	Incorrect
I remain , yours sincerely .	Correct
I remain , yours sincerely ,	Incorrect
I think that the car is one of the human inventions that has the most affected the way of life of people from industrial countries .	Correct
I think that the car is one of the human inventions that has most affected the way of life of people from industrial countries .	Incorrect
Nowadays more than the percents of the world industry is related to the automotive business : car manufacturing , gasoline extracting and refining , tyres recycling , and so on .	Correct
Nowadays more than the percents of world industry is related to the automotive business : car manufacturing , oil extraction and refining , tyre recycling , and so on .	Incorrect
The industrial countries have encountered deep evolution of their strictures since the car has been made available to everyone .	Correct
The industrial countries have encountered great change in their structures since the car has been made available to everyone .	Incorrect
At the beginning of the last Century only a few very rich people could afford a car ; it was kind of leisure or sport to drive one .	Correct
At the beginning of the last century only a few very rich people could afford a car ; it was a kind of leisure or sport to drive one .	Incorrect
The transport network has changed according to this social evolution .	Correct
The transport network has changed in accordance with this social evolution .	Incorrect
The increasing number of cars related and infrastructure are now creeting problems .	Correct
The increasing number of cars related and infrastructure is now creating problems .	Incorrect
A lot of roads and motorways are overcrowded , and enviromment issues are more and more related to the intensive use of cars and lorries .	Correct
A lot of roads and motorways are overcrowded , and environmental problems are more and more related to the intensive use of cars and lorries .	Incorrect
People and governments are concerned about how to limit the effects of cars on the enviromment without impacting their mobility .	Correct
People and governments are concerned about how to limit the effects of cars on the environment without affecting their mobility .	Incorrect
My name is Juniper , I am helping to organise the conference in the college .	Correct
My name is Juniper . I am helping to organise the conference in the college .	Incorrect
The group has been booked into Palace Hotel which is not very far from the place where the conference will be held .	Correct
The group has been booked into the Palace Hotel , which is not very far from the place where the conference will be held .	Incorrect
You can take the No.41 bus from the hotel to the conference , it only takes ten minutes approximately .	Correct
You can take the No.41 bus from the hotel to the conference . It only takes ten minutes approximately .	Incorrect
As for the end - of - conference party , it will be on the morning of the last day starting at 9:00 .	Correct
As for the end - of - conference party , it will be on the morning of the last day , starting at 9:00 .	Incorrect
All the students and staffs will join together in the hall .	Correct
All the students and staff will attend together in the hall .	Incorrect
They can play games and talk about personal experience .	Correct
They can play games and talk about their personal experiences .	Incorrect
The main aim of it is to deepen the friendship among all these pupils coming from all over the world .	Correct
The main aim of this is to strengthen the friendship among all these pupils coming from all over the world .	Incorrect
So it would be fine if you wear casual clothes and look smart .	Correct
So it would be fine if you wore casual clothes and looked smart .	Incorrect
I have made arrangement for the afternoon on the last day for you .	Correct
I have made arrangements for the afternoon on the last day for you .	Incorrect
If you are free I will show you arround our college .	Correct
If you are free I will show you around our college .	Incorrect
You can visit our newly - built science lab as well .	Correct
You can visit our newly built science lab as well .	Incorrect
You asked me for an interesting building to visit .	Correct
You asked me about an interesting building to visit .	Incorrect
In my opinion , I 'll recommend British Museum .	Correct
In my opinion , I recommend the British Museum .	Incorrect
The museum looks very old as some other buildings in London , but it is very modern inside .	Correct
The museum looks very old , like some other buildings in London , but it is very modern inside .	Incorrect
After going through the enormous main door , you can see a huge white round building which is a library .	Correct
After going through the enormous main door , you can see a huge round white building , which is a library .	Incorrect
A lot of famous people have been to this library before !	Correct
A lot of famous people have been to this library !	Incorrect
Almost each one tells you a story or gives you a picture about British history .	Correct
Almost every one tells you a story or gives you a picture of British history .	Incorrect
Apart from the national history , there are more content about the past of the world .	Correct
Apart from national history , there are more contents about the history of the world .	Incorrect
You can go to many sections such as Asia Hall , Egypt Hall , Europe Hall and so on .	Correct
You can go to many sections such as the Asian Hall , Egyptian Hall , European Hall and so on .	Incorrect
Countless fascinating things will definely take you the whole day to appreciate .	Correct
The countless fascinating things will definitely take you the whole day to appreciate .	Incorrect
After a visit to British Museum , you will be certainly able to put your history textbook away !	Correct
After a visit to the British Museum , you will certainly be able to put your history textbook away !	Incorrect
Also you do n't have to pay any money for it , and the transport is extremely convenient , therefore British Museum is your best choice . Do n't be hesitant any more !	Correct
Also you do n't have to pay any money for it , and the transport is extremely convenient , therefore the British Museum is your best choice . Do n't be hesitant any more !	Incorrect
Dear Mrs Smith .	Correct
Dear Mrs Smith ,	Incorrect
The hotel your group has been booked into is called Palace Hotel .	Correct
The hotel your group has been booked into is called the Palace Hotel .	Incorrect
It is simple to find the way from this hotel to the conference .	Correct
It is simple to find your way from this hotel to the conference .	Incorrect
There you will find a modern building with two different doors a red and a blue one .	Correct
There you will find a modern building with two different doors , a red one and a blue one .	Incorrect
You are asked to take the blue door .	Correct
You are asked to go through the blue door .	Incorrect
After entering you will see the signed conference room .	Correct
After entering , you will see the conference room which will be signposted .	Incorrect
We organized a end - of - conference party on the day before your departure .	Correct
We have organized an end - of - conference party on the day before your departure .	Incorrect
Everyone is welcome to join this party to get to know each other in a good atmosphere .	Correct
Everyone is welcome to join in with this party in order to get to know each other in a good atmosphere .	Incorrect
You should wear nice and comfortable cloth .	Correct
You should wear nice comfortable clothes .	Incorrect
I suggest you visiting the old part of Zurich or going to the zoo before your departure .	Correct
I suggest you visit the old part of Zurich or go to the zoo before your departure .	Incorrect
If there is any question left , please contact me .	Correct
If there are any more questions , please contact me .	Incorrect
I love baking cakes , cockies and breads .	Correct
I love baking cakes , cookies and breads .	Incorrect
Baking is passion and in the town I live I 'm known for making the best cakes in the area .	Correct
Baking is my passion and in the town where I live I 'm known for making the best cakes in the area .	Incorrect
It does n't matter in what kind of mood I am , I can do it all the time and it makes me feel good .	Correct
It does n't matter what kind of mood I am in , I can do it all the time and it makes me feel good .	Incorrect
If there is someone who does n't agree with me , he or she should try to live one month without using the oven .	Correct
If there is someone who does n't agree with me , he or she should try to live for one month without using an oven .	Incorrect
Besides that he or she should look carefully into what he or she buys .	Correct
In addition to that , he or she should look carefully into what he or she buys .	Incorrect
I 'm positive that after such an experience everyone says that the oven is a really important invention for our lifes .	Correct
I 'm positive that after such an experience everyone would say that the oven is a really important invention for our lives .	Incorrect
I 'm thanking the person who invented the oven .	Correct
I 'd like to thank the person who invented the oven .	Incorrect
And I understand that you need help , so that I will help you as far as I can .	Correct
And I understand that you need help , so I will help you as far as I can .	Incorrect
Firstly , the hotel which ha been booked for you is Palace Hotel that is located close to the conference .	Correct
Firstly , the hotel which has been booked for you is Palace Hotel which is located close to the conference .	Incorrect
In order to get from the hotel to the conference , you just need to take the bus we will offer .	Correct
In order to get from the hotel to the conference , you just need to take the bus we will provide .	Incorrect
Finally , if you want to have an exciting experience in here , I strongly suggest that you go to the musicals .	Correct
Finally , if you want to have an exciting experience here , I strongly suggest that you go to the musicals .	Incorrect
As you may hear , our city is well known for the musicals .	Correct
As you may have heard , our city is well known for the musicals .	Incorrect
Or , If you want to relax , you can take a walk in the park situated in ten minutes distance on foot from the hotel .	Correct
Or , if you want to relax , you can take a walk in the park situated at ten minutes ' distance on foot from the hotel .	Incorrect
If you have more questions about the conference and something else , do not hesitate to ask me . I would be glad to be able to help you .	Correct
If you have more questions about the conference or anything else , do not hesitate to ask me . I would be glad to be able to help you .	Incorrect
Some inventions are not regarded as great things even though the life without them can not be imagined .	Correct
Some inventions are not regarded as great things even though life without them can not be imagined .	Incorrect
However , there is something which is still believed that it was an extreamly important invention .	Correct
However , there is something about which it is still believed that it was an extremely important invention .	Incorrect
This is electricity invented by Edison .	Correct
This is electricity , invented by Edison .	Incorrect
From my point of view , the reason why electricity is such an important invention is that most of machines , appliances and equipments which are used in modern times can be operated with only electricity , which makes people not to too much phisical labour .	Correct
In my opinion , the reason why electricity is such an important invention is that most machines , appliances and equipment which are used in modern times can only be operated with electricity , which makes people not do too much physical labour .	Incorrect
At night , I can study because of it . and also It saves my time which would be used up for doing housework such as laundry , cleaning rooms and ironing .	Correct
At night , I can study because of it . And it also saves my time which would be used up doing housework such as laundry , cleaning rooms and ironing .	Incorrect
It makes my life more convenient than that without it .	Correct
It makes my life more convenient than it would be without it .	Incorrect
Dar Mrs. Maria Smith ,	Correct
Dear Mrs. Maria Smith ,	Incorrect
I am very glad to help you about the International Student Conference .	Correct
I am very glad to help you with the International Student Conference .	Incorrect
I hope that our friend Richard Brown does n't have any serious willness .	Correct
I hope that our friend Richard Brown does n't have any serious illnesses .	Incorrect
Referent , where is the conference .	Correct
Referent , where is the conference ?	Incorrect
This will be in the Casino Hotel and we do n't need to worry for the best way because in all the main routes in Devonport have signs with correct way to the popular hotel .	Correct
This will be in the Casino Hotel and we do n't need to worry about the best way to get there because all the main routes in Devonport have signs that show the correct way to this popular hotel .	Incorrect
After finish the conference , there is a party in same hotel .	Correct
After the conference , there is a party in the same hotel .	Incorrect
In this party there are ; some foods , soft drinks , music and a special place for dancing .	Correct
At this party , there will be some food , soft drinks , music and a special place for dancing .	Incorrect
This party is for the students so the kinds of clouthes wo n't be so formal .	Correct
This party is for the students so the clothes wo n't be so formal .	Incorrect
On the day free before catch our plane .	Correct
On the free day before catching our plane .	Incorrect
We could chouse two options for spending our free time .	Correct
We can choose between two options for spending our free time .	Incorrect
One is a guide tour on center city , and another is visiting the chocolate factory .	Correct
One is a guided tour of the city centre , and another is visiting the chocolate factory .	Incorrect
Please , if you have any more question , please call me at 38755980 .	Correct
Please , if you have any more questions , please call me on 38755980 .	Incorrect
In our lifes , may be , could n't be without electricity .	Correct
In our lives , maybe , could n't be without electricity .	Incorrect
When we are using different equipments in our houses , we are using the electricity .	Correct
When we use different equipment in our homes , we are using electricity .	Incorrect
Small things but very importants in our lifes .	Correct
Small things but very important in our lives .	Incorrect
I do n't like tinking , my house of my life , without all this facilities .	Correct
I do n't like thinking of my house or my life without all these facilities .	Incorrect
In winter when is dark very early , and after , I need to spent my free time in home .	Correct
In winter when it gets dark very early , and after , I need to spend my free time at home .	Incorrect
What I can do without my music and my computer .	Correct
What can I do without my music and my computer ?	Incorrect
Now , just you need to think that you would do or what would happen in a city , with a car , aeroplans , shoops , all these things without lights .	Correct
Now , you just need to think that you would do or what would happen in a city , with a car , aeroplanes , shops , all these things without lights .	Incorrect
Finally . I think that everybody know that the electricity is very important invent and for me it is the best .	Correct
Finally , I think that everybody knows that electricity is a very important invention and for me it is the best .	Incorrect
Thanks for your last letter and I am sorry for not giving you enough information .	Correct
Thanks for your last letter and I am sorry about not giving you enough information .	Incorrect
We have already booked a 4 stars hotel - Palace Hotel , which is near the River Thames , in Walton - on - Thames .	Correct
We have already booked a 4-star hotel - the Palace Hotel , which is near the River Thames , in Walton - on - Thames .	Incorrect
The end - of - conference party will be held in an India restaurant , that is next to the hotel .	Correct
The end - of - conference party will be held in an Indian restaurant , which is next to the hotel .	Incorrect
It is surposed to be held during 7 pm to 11 pm .	Correct
It is supposed to be from 7 pm to 11 pm .	Incorrect
Also there are some competitions and exciting games after dinner and disco is also provided .	Correct
Also there are some competitions and exciting games after dinner and a disco is also provided .	Incorrect
You can wear anything you like , we would like you to be just yourself and have fun .	Correct
You can wear anything you like . We would like you just to be yourself and have fun .	Incorrect
There are so many things to do , unfortunately , there is just 3 hours .	Correct
There are so many things to do . Unfortunately , there are just 3 hours .	Incorrect
I hope I have given you enough information and if you still have some doubts , please do not hestitate to contact us .	Correct
I hope I have given you enough information and if you still have some questions , please do not hesitate to contact us .	Incorrect
Nowadays , our lives is becoming better and better .	Correct
Nowadays , our lives are becoming better and better .	Incorrect
Lots of great inventions has been invented in order to make people live comfortablely .	Correct
Lots of great inventions have been invented in order to help people live comfortably .	Incorrect
" Televisions is just an amazing invention . " My good friend said that . I agree with her .	Correct
" Television is just an amazing invention . " My good friend said that . I agree with her .	Incorrect
Firstly , televisions make us know more about the world without travel it all .	Correct
Firstly , televisions let us know more about the world without travelling it all .	Incorrect
If there are no televisions , we wo n't know what are the other countries like , or even what language they speak unless we go to that country .	Correct
If there were no televisions , we would n't know what the other countries were like , or even what language they speak , unless we went to that country .	Incorrect
Secondly , for some points , it can educate young children .	Correct
Secondly , in some ways , it can educate young children .	Incorrect
Many TV programmes are especially made for children , such as " Learn follow me " and " Be good to others " .	Correct
Many TV programmes are specially made for children , such as " Learn Follow Me " and " Be Good to Others " .	Incorrect
Actually , they are quite good programmes and helped me know what I should do generally or how to behave nicely when I was still a child .	Correct
Actually , they are quite good programmes and helped me learn what I should do generally or how to behave well when I was still a child .	Incorrect
The last but not least , it is a good kind of entertainments .	Correct
Last but not least , it is a good kind of entertainment .	Incorrect
Maybe you will think that playing basketball , going to cinemas and discos are much better that staying at home sitting in front of an object .	Correct
Maybe you think that playing basketball and going to cinemas and discos are much better than staying at home sitting in front of an object .	Incorrect
If sometimes I do n't want to go out and I do n't want to be lonely , that 's easy , just turn on the television and enjoy myself .	Correct
If sometimes I do n't want to go out and I do n't want to be lonely , it 's easy , I just turn on the television and enjoy myself .	Incorrect
Personally , I do think televisions is the most important invention .	Correct
Personally , I do think televisions are the most important invention .	Incorrect
Dear Mrs. Maria Smith .	Correct
Dear Mrs. Maria Smith ,	Incorrect
As I know , he booked the Palace Hotel in downtown .	Correct
As I know , he booked the Palace Hotel in the downtown area .	Incorrect
But if you have enough time , I would like to recommend to walk .	Correct
But if you have enough time , I would like to recommend walking .	Incorrect
Because there are a lot of beatiful trees and you can see the sea .	Correct
Because there are a lot of beautiful trees and you can see the sea .	Incorrect
By the way the end - of - conference party is a kind of fairwell party .	Correct
By the way , the end - of - conference party is a kind of farewell party .	Incorrect
The first part , the chairman and a few guests will have a speech and the second part , the participacients will evaluate themselves , and the the last part it will provide dinner and drinks .	Correct
The first part , the chairman and a few guests will give a speech and the second part , the participants will evaluate themselves , and the last part will consist of dinner and drinks .	Incorrect
It will be not too formal party .	Correct
It will not be too formal a party .	Incorrect
Moreover , I would like to recommend ' City tour ' for three hours .	Correct
Moreover , I would like to recommend a ' City tour ' for three hours .	Incorrect
Everybody an enjoy themselves .	Correct
Everybody will enjoy themselves .	Incorrect
I hope it will be a good tip for you and if you have any problem , you can contact with me any time .	Correct
I hope it will be a good tip for you and if you have any problem , you can contact me anytime .	Incorrect
And have a nice time in my town and send my regard to Richard .	Correct
And have a nice time in my town and send my regards to Richard .	Incorrect
Nowadays there are a lot of inventions around the world , and they make us more comfortable and convenient .	Correct
Nowadays there are a lot of inventions around the world , and they make us more comfortable and our lives more convenient .	Incorrect
For example : electricity , computer , telephon , boat , and car ( wheel ) , etc .	Correct
For example : electricity , the computer , telephone , boat , and car ( wheel ) , etc .	Incorrect
Electricity could be able to invent other things .	Correct
Electricity made us able to invent other things .	Incorrect
It has abosolutly reduced women 's our house working time .	Correct
It has absolutely reduced women 's housework time .	Incorrect
Evenmore we can enjoy our night with lights .	Correct
We can enjoy our night even more with lights .	Incorrect
If we want do something , we can do it at night same as day .	Correct
If we want to do something , we can do it at night the same as in the day .	Incorrect
Finally the quality of our life is changed by electricity .	Correct
Finally , the quality of our life is changed by electricity .	Incorrect
It will give us better future !	Correct
It will give us a better future !	Incorrect
Have you ever imagined that you would drive electric car !	Correct
Have you ever imagined that you would drive an electric car !	Incorrect
12 , June , 2001	Correct
12 June , 2001	Incorrect
Here are answers for your questions .	Correct
Here are the answers to your questions .	Incorrect
You will stay in the Palace Hotel , which is situated in front of the railway station , Camberley .	Correct
You will stay in the Palace Hotel , which is situated opposite the railway station , Camberley .	Incorrect
To get the conference , you catch the coach No.7 from the station and get off at the Camberley College bus stop .	Correct
To get to the conference , you catch the No.7 coach from the station and get off at the Camberley College bus stop .	Incorrect
The end - of - conference party will be held at the cafeteria in the college , which is next to the stadium .	Correct
The end - of - conference party will be held in the cafeteria in the college , which is next to the stadium .	Incorrect
It starts at 18 p.m. and ends at 22 pm .	Correct
It starts at 6 p.m. and ends at 10 pm .	Incorrect
We will prepare traditional English meals and some students from foreign country will prepare their ethnic foods .	Correct
We will prepare traditional English meals and some students from foreign countries will prepare their ethnic foods .	Incorrect
There is a museum next to the Camberley Station , which has good collection of paintings and potteries , and it would be a good place for you to spend your free time .	Correct
There is a museum next to the Camberley Station , which has a good collection of paintings and pottery , and it would be a good place for you to spend your free time .	Incorrect
Instead , there are a lot of shops around there , you can buy souvenirs .	Correct
Also , there are a lot of shops around there . You can buy souvenirs .	Incorrect
Inside of the castle is always dark even in daytime .	Correct
The inside of the castle is always dark , even in the daytime .	Incorrect
She appears occationaly and opens every window in the castle .	Correct
She appears occasionally and opens every window in the castle .	Incorrect
People said she was seeking something and still seeking even if she had dead for 500 years .	Correct
People said she was seeking something and is still seeking it even though she has been dead for 500 years .	Incorrect
The ghost story may not be true , but it has good furniture of 16th century , and the castle itself is very beautiful .	Correct
The ghost story may not be true , but it has good furniture from the 16th century , and the castle itself is very beautiful .	Incorrect
I think it is worth while to see .	Correct
I think it is worthwhile seeing it .	Incorrect
I hope you 'll enjoy visiting there .	Correct
I hope you 'll enjoy going there .	Incorrect
I have recieved your letter this morning .	Correct
I received your letter this morning .	Incorrect
I am sorry to hear that Richard is ill and is unable to attempt the conference ; I am glad that you are able to be the leader of the group .	Correct
I am sorry to hear that Richard is ill and is unable to attend the conference ; I am glad that you are able to be the leader of the group .	Incorrect
I hope that these informations below are very useful to you , during your attempt of conference .	Correct
I hope that the information below is very useful to you , during your attendance at the conference .	Incorrect
I have booked a hotel not far off from our school .	Correct
I have booked a hotel not far from our school .	Incorrect
The hotel is called Epsom Down Hotel .	Correct
The hotel is called the Epsom Down Hotel .	Incorrect
You will than have an hour to check in and unpack all your luggage .	Correct
You will then have an hour to check in and unpack all your luggage .	Incorrect
The conference will start on time at 12:30 , so I would suggest you to leave hotel by 12:00 .	Correct
The conference will start on time at 12:30 , so I would suggest you leave the hotel by 12:00 .	Incorrect
The best way to get to the conference is to follow along the collage road and turn left toward the end , you than keep going straight , you will eventually see the main entrance of the collage .	Correct
The best way to get to the conference is to follow the college road and turn left toward the end . You then keep going straight . You will eventually see the main entrance to the college .	Incorrect
They all knows where the conference is and when .	Correct
They all know where the conference is and when .	Incorrect
The party is to let all the students to know each other better .	Correct
The party is to let all the students get to know each other better .	Incorrect
I will suggust them to wear formal clothing , as in tie , trousers and blaser .	Correct
I would suggest they wear formal clothing , such as tie , trousers and blazer .	Incorrect
There are a wide variety of choices that they can do .	Correct
There are a wide variety of choices in the things that they can do .	Incorrect
They can play tennis , do athletics , swimming ... and many other sports event in our school , if they want to .	Correct
They can play tennis , do athletics , swim ... and many other sports activities in our school , if they want to .	Incorrect
Or they can also visit the Epsom Town .	Correct
Or they can also visit Epsom Town .	Incorrect
There are shops which sales cloths , foods , and books ... They can decide what they want to do , it 's entirely up to them .	Correct
There are shops which sell clothes , food , and books ... They can decide what they want to do . It 's entirely up to them .	Incorrect
I am looking forward to seeing you and hop you have a safe flight over to England .	Correct
I am looking forward to seeing you and hope you have a safe flight over to England .	Incorrect
Your sincerely ,	Correct
Yours sincerely ,	Incorrect
This report is based on an interesting building , where you can take , for your students to visit .	Correct
This report is based on an interesting building , where you can take your students .	Incorrect
The building is called Chiang Kei - shek Momerial Hall .	Correct
The building is called the Chiang Kei - shek Memorial Hall .	Incorrect
The momerial Hall is surrounded by large playgrounds .	Correct
The Memorial Hall is surrounded by large playgrounds .	Incorrect
As you go into the main Hall , you will see a huge statue of Chiang Kei - shek , this is because the building is the rememberence of how well Chiang did in History .	Correct
As you go into the main Hall , you will see a huge statue of Chiang Kei - shek . This is because the building is the remembrance of how well Chiang did in History .	Incorrect
Next to the statue is protected by the guards , the guards will change every four hours .	Correct
The statue is protected by guards . The guards will change every four hours .	Incorrect
Apart from the main Hall , there are also lots of other gallaries .	Correct
Apart from the main Hall , there are also lots of other galleries .	Incorrect
In these gallaries there are Historical paintings , antique furnitures which Chiang used .	Correct
In these galleries there are Historical paintings and antique furniture which Chiang used .	Incorrect
These treasure are very old , even older than the history of America .	Correct
These treasures are very old , even older than the history of America .	Incorrect
They are all been well look after .	Correct
They are all being well looked after .	Incorrect
As well as all the treasures , statue and historical paintings ...	Correct
As well as all the treasures , statues and historical paintings ...	Incorrect
There are also restaurent 's and modern gallaries .	Correct
there are also restaurants and modern galleries .	Incorrect
When you are tired after looking around you might want to buy drinks or something to eat , or if you are fed up with historical thing , you migh as well just pop into the modern gallery to see things which are more modern .	Correct
When you are tired after looking around you might want to buy drinks or something to eat , or if you are fed up with historical things , you might as well just pop into the modern gallery to see things which are more modern .	Incorrect
Finally , if you went to visit this building I will recommend you to stay at a hotel not far from the momerial Hall called Hyatt Hotel .	Correct
Finally , if you want to visit this building I would recommend you stay at a hotel not far from the memorial Hall called the Hyatt Hotel .	Incorrect
It only take about five minutes if you walk .	Correct
It only takes about five minutes if you walk .	Incorrect
I have received your letter dated on the 12th june 2001 .	Correct
I have received your letter dated the 12th of June 2001 .	Incorrect
I am very happy to help you and I hope that the informations , that I am going to give you , will be enough .	Correct
I am very happy to help you and I hope that the information that I am going to give you will be satisfactory .	Incorrect
The Hotel is a big building in the middle of the town near the place " St - Franois " .	Correct
The hotel is a big building in the middle of the town near the square , " St - Franois " .	Incorrect
After the conference , we are going to stay in the Palace Hotel but instead to stay in the conference room , we are going to move to the reception room where a dinner will be prepared for us .	Correct
After the conference , we are going to stay in the Palace Hotel but instead of staying in the conference room , we are going to move to the reception room where a dinner will be served for us .	Incorrect
Afterwards , a live band are going to play the rest of the night .	Correct
Afterwards , a live band is going to play for the rest of the night .	Incorrect
For the clothes , you have to wear something smart and classic .	Correct
Regarding the clothes , you have to wear something smart and classic .	Incorrect
If you want to stay in Lausanne during your afternoon free , the best thing to do is to go to Ouchy .	Correct
If you want to stay in Lausanne during your free afternoon , the best thing to do is to go to Ouchy .	Incorrect
There , you can enjoy the Landscape and have a sunbath .	Correct
There , you can enjoy the landscape and sunbathe .	Incorrect
Your sincerely ,	Correct
Yours sincerely ,	Incorrect
OLYMPIQUE MUSEUM	Correct
OLYMPIC MUSEUM	Incorrect
The aim of this report is to give further informations on an interesting building to visit in Lausanne .	Correct
The aim of this report is to give you further information on an interesting building to visit in Lausanne .	Incorrect
WHY THE OLYMPIC MUSEUM .	Correct
WHY THE OLYMPIC MUSEUM ?	Incorrect
The Olympique Museum is situated near the lake and offer , for the tourist , an unbelievable view on the mountains and the lake .	Correct
The Olympic Museum is situated near the lake and offers , for the tourist , an unbelievable view of the mountains and the lake .	Incorrect
But also , the museum have a lot of gardens with several statues .	Correct
But also the museum has a lot of gardens with several statues .	Incorrect
Besides , the architecture of the building is beautiful and very modern .	Correct
Also , the architecture of the building is beautiful and very modern .	Incorrect
First of all , the main interest of the museum is the olympic history .	Correct
First of all , the main interest of the museum is Olympic history .	Incorrect
You can find a lot of documentary about it and you have several competitors personal objects .	Correct
You can find a lot of documents about it and you have several competitors personal objects .	Incorrect
In addition , you can play with several interactive game and learn about the rules of the olympic games .	Correct
In addition , you can play several interactive games and learn about the rules of the Olympic games .	Incorrect
REASONS OF RECOMMENDATION .	Correct
REASONS FOR RECOMMENDATION .	Incorrect
The principal reason is the cheapest price .	Correct
The principal reason is the cheap price .	Incorrect
You pay only to FRS for the entry and you can stay in all the time that you want .	Correct
You pay only to FRS for entry and you can stay all the time that you want .	Incorrect
On the other hand , if you are more than 10 people , you can have a group price and pay only 6 Frs per person .	Correct
On the other hand , if there are more than 10 people , you can pay a group price and pay only 6 Frs per person .	Incorrect
It seems that this solution might be the best way to visit this museum .	Correct
It seems that this option might be the best way to visit this museum .	Incorrect
Therefore , if you want to learn something about the Olympic Games , it must be the best place for this .	Correct
Therefore , if you want to learn something about the Olympic Games , it must be the best place for you .	Incorrect
I 'm so happy to help you for this international student conference .	Correct
I 'm so happy to help you with this international student conference .	Incorrect
I 'm afraid for Richard .	Correct
I 'm sorry to hear about Richard .	Incorrect
Could you please tell him my best wishes of health ?	Correct
Could you please give him my best wishes for his health ?	Incorrect
I 'm sure you can perfectly replace it to lead your group .	Correct
I 'm sure that you can perfectly replace him to lead your group .	Incorrect
At first , you should know that you are booked into the Palace Hotel that is one of the best in the town .	Correct
First , you should know that you are booked into the Palace Hotel , that is one of the best in the town .	Incorrect
First of all , you must walk down to the Central Street until you arrive at the bus stop , then you take the bus number two that goes directly to the college .	Correct
First of all , you must walk down Central Street until you arrive at the bus stop , then you take the number two bus that goes directly to the college .	Incorrect
After the conference , there is a great party that is organised by friends .	Correct
After the conference , there is a great party that is being organised by friends .	Incorrect
It starts at twenty o'clock until the end of the night , so be ready !	Correct
It starts at eight o'clock until the end of the night , so be prepared !	Incorrect
There is no special thema for the wearing style but it should be more fun if you wear something crazy ...	Correct
There is no special dress code but it would be more fun if you wear something crazy ...	Incorrect
Finally , I propose you to go to the new college swimmingpool on the last day afternoon .	Correct
Finally , I suggest you go to the new college swimming pool on the last day in the afternoon .	Incorrect
Every body will go there .	Correct
Everybody will go there .	Incorrect
I will give you some informations on the yverdon 's castle .	Correct
I will give you some information on Yverdon 's castle .	Incorrect
This building is one of the oldest that stays in the landscape of the town .	Correct
This building is one of the oldest that is in the landscape of the town .	Incorrect
I think its important to see it when you come there because it shows us how the town had been developped around it since its creation .	Correct
I think it 's important to see it when you come here because it shows us how the town has been developed around it since its creation .	Incorrect
Those days , the castle is being remade , so there is a lot of construction engines around it .	Correct
These days , the castle is being remade , so there is a lot of construction machinery around it .	Incorrect
That 's not a big problem because there is a complete museum in it where you can see old pictures of the castle during the centuries .	Correct
That 's not a big problem because there is a complete museum inside it where you can see old pictures of the castle over the centuries .	Incorrect
There is a lot of old items that were in the King 's family .	Correct
There are a lot of old items that were in the King 's family .	Incorrect
You should have probably heard about the mummy who sleeps there for about two thousand years ... You can see it in the dungeon .	Correct
You would have probably heard about the mummy who has slept there for about two thousand years ... You can see it in the dungeon .	Incorrect
I hope you will enjoy the visit and I wish you a nice holliday in Yverdon .	Correct
I hope you will enjoy the visit and I wish you a nice holiday in Yverdon .	Incorrect
First of all , we have already booked the Five - Stars Hotel for your group .	Correct
First of all , we have already booked the Five - Star Hotel for your group .	Incorrect
It is a modern hotel , near our college , and it is also very convenent to come from the airport . You can take both by buses or taxies .	Correct
It is a modern hotel , near our college , and it is also very convenient for the airport . You can take either bus or taxies .	Incorrect
The nember 101 bus starts from the airport , than you can get off from " city college " stop .	Correct
The number 101 bus leaves from the airport , then you can get off at the " city college " stop .	Incorrect
It would be a great chance to tark part in the party for everyone .	Correct
It would be a great chance for everyone to attend the party .	Incorrect
This is just a relaxing party , just for the members have a chance to relax and make friends .	Correct
This is just a relaxing party , just so the members have a chance to relax and make friends .	Incorrect
So I think you 'd better to wear a dress .	Correct
So I think you 'd better wear a dress .	Incorrect
Finally , about the free three hours , my personal prefer to go shopping .	Correct
Finally , about the three free hours , my personal preference is to go shopping .	Incorrect
Our city has got the biggest shoping centre in South England , there gathers so many shops .	Correct
Our city has got the biggest shopping centre in South England . There are so many shops .	Incorrect
It worthes tp spend time and money on that .	Correct
It is worth spending time and money on that .	Incorrect
Nowdays people have become used to watching televesion 's programs everyday .	Correct
Nowadays people have become used to watching television programmes every day .	Incorrect
The TV is so important that you can see it in every family , and it is a essential equipment for everyone .	Correct
The TV is so important that you can see one in every home , and it is an essential item for everyone .	Incorrect
First of al , in my opinion , TV has a great education functions , and also makes the world become small .	Correct
First of all , in my opinion , TV has a great educational function , and it also makes the world smaller .	Incorrect
You can just sit at home then you can know what is happening all over the world at the moment .	Correct
You can just sit at home and you can know what is happening all over the world at that moment .	Incorrect
I would rather watching the news on TV in stead of reading in newspaper or hearing on radio because the news on TV are vivid .	Correct
I would rather watch the news on TV instead of reading a newspaper or listening to the radio because the news on TV is vivid .	Incorrect
Moreover , the TV is a great company for the people who live alone or feel alone . I would like to open TV when I stay at home .	Correct
Moreover , the TV is great company for people who live alone or feel alone . I like to turn on the TV when I stay at home .	Incorrect
Someone are talking , laughting , crying on there , so join them , you will feel much better than just yourself .	Correct
Someone is talking , laughing , crying on there , so join them . You will feel much better than you would just by yourself .	Incorrect
Some TV programs are enjouable !	Correct
Some TV programmes are enjoyable !	Incorrect
You might just sitting in front of TV for hours learn nothing , or no more talk with your family .	Correct
You might just sit in front of the TV for hours learning nothing , or no longer talk with your family .	Incorrect
I think this is the badest influence in the society .	Correct
I think this is the worst influence in society .	Incorrect
In clucsion , the TV has both advantages and disagvangtages , but on the whole advantages is greater than disadvantages .	Correct
In conclusion , TV has both advantages and disadvantages , but on the whole the advantages are greater than the disadvantages .	Incorrect
So , but on the whole , TV still is a wonderful and important invention on the world .	Correct
So on the whole , TV still is a wonderful and important invention on the world .	Incorrect
I am writing to you to give you more informations about an international student conference .	Correct
I am writing to you to give you more information about the international student conference .	Incorrect
The group has been booked into King Hotel at High Street which is very easy to find .	Correct
The group has been booked into the King Hotel on High Street , which is very easy to find .	Incorrect
And the best way to get from there to the conference is following the rod in front of the hotel to the right , then cross the zebra crossing to the opposite side .	Correct
And the best way to get from there to the conference is by following the road in front of the hotel to the right , then cross the zebra crossing to the opposite side .	Incorrect
After that walk to the right about 15 metres and you will find the conference place which is called White House .	Correct
After that walk to the right about 15 metres and you will find the conference venue , which is called the White House .	Incorrect
At the end of conference , we are going to have an International Dinner as well as some shows from the students in my college .	Correct
At the end of the conference , we are going to have an International Dinner as well as some shows from the students in my college .	Incorrect
As this is a special conference so you could wear your own national dress to present your country .	Correct
As this is a special conference you could wear your own national dress to represent your country .	Incorrect
Finally , on the last day you could spend your free time to visit our town hall which you will be able to learn more about my area - or do some shopping at High Street .	Correct
Finally , on the last day you could spend your free time visiting our town hall where you will be able to learn more about my area - or you could do some shopping on High Street .	Incorrect
I am writing to give an information on a very interesting building to visit .	Correct
I am writing to give information on a very interesting building .	Incorrect
It is called Penrhyh Castle , as the building will tell you all about Wales .	Correct
It is called Penrhyh Castle , and this building will tell you all about Wales .	Incorrect
On the positive side , you and the group will be abe to learn more about Welsh art works which are presented on the wall , on the door and some furnitures .	Correct
On the positive side , you and the group will be able to learn more about Welsh artworks which are presented on the wall , on the door and some furniture .	Incorrect
And some old toilets might look awlful .	Correct
And some old toilets might look awful .	Incorrect
But in my recommendation , I think it would be nice for the students to come and see this building .	Correct
But in my opinion it would be nice for the students to come and see this building .	Incorrect
Because they will be able to learn and compare with the place in their country .	Correct
Because they will be able to learn and compare the place with their country .	Incorrect
As Wales is not modern like America , so the students will probably get the idea of looking back to the old things .	Correct
As Wales is not modern like America , the students will probably get an interest in looking at old things .	Incorrect
Dear Mrs Maria Smith .	Correct
Dear Mrs Maria Smith ,	Incorrect
I was really pleased to receive at your letter .	Correct
I was really pleased to receive your letter .	Incorrect
So , I 'm writting to reply for giving all the information you asked for .	Correct
So , I 'm writing to reply to give all the information you asked for .	Incorrect
The best way to get from the hotel to the conference its using tube because it takes only 20 mininute .	Correct
The best way to get from the hotel to the conference is using the tube because it takes only 20 minutes .	Incorrect
The tube is 2 line which is red colour .	Correct
The tube is line 2 which is red .	Incorrect
And your speach would be better for the end of conference party .	Correct
And your speech would be better for the end of conference party .	Incorrect
I 'd suggest you to wear at least , semi formal wears such as a jacket with another clothes .	Correct
I 'd suggest you wear at least , semi - formal clothes such as a jacket with other clothes .	Incorrect
Computer is the most important invention in our life .	Correct
The computer is the most important invention in our life .	Incorrect
Some people might say the electricity more important than another thingh .	Correct
Some people might say electricity is more important than any other thing .	Incorrect
However , I 'd say computer is more amazing invention rather than another inventions such as the telephone , the car .	Correct
However , I 'd say the computer is a more amazing invention rather than other inventions such as the telephone , the car .	Incorrect
Recently computer is really necessary and we ca n't manage to work without them .	Correct
Recently the computer has become really necessary and we ca n't manage to work without them .	Incorrect
Not only is for bussiness , but also in for my life .	Correct
Not only for bussiness , but also in my life .	Incorrect
For instance , when I want to contanct with to my friend , it 's quite helpful by using e - mail .	Correct
For instance , when I want to contact my friend , it 's quite helpful to use e - mail .	Incorrect
Before computer had been invented , we could n't possibly have lots of information easily and we could n't contact with to foreign countries at the same time .	Correct
Before the computer had been invented , we could n't possibly have lots of information easily and we could n't contact foreign countries at the same time .	Incorrect
And also it 's time to make new system which makes us use easier and more simple , so far more people can enjoy computer more than before .	Correct
And also it 's time to make new systems which makes use easier and more simple , so far more people can enjoy computers than before .	Incorrect
Despite amazing invention , some times computer makes big problem , such as millennium bug ( some people called " 2000 problem " ) , because computer not flexible enough like a human 's brain .	Correct
Despite Being an amazing invention , sometimes the computer causes a big problem , such as the millennium bug ( some people called it the " 2000 problem " ) , because computers are not flexible enough like a human 's brain .	Incorrect
However , computer is worth to use in our life until more coveniance machine will be invented .	Correct
However , the computer is worth using in our life until a more convenient machine is invented .	Incorrect
So we 've decided at the end - of - conference party , we will have a buffet and a disco party .	Correct
So we 've decided at the end - of - conference party we will have a buffet and a disco party .	Incorrect
Our students , then will get to know each other well .	Correct
Our students then will get to know each other well .	Incorrect
I would suggest everybody to wear a casual dresses .	Correct
I would suggest everybody wear casual dress .	Incorrect
Finally , I would recommend you and your group to enjoy shopping and sightseeing around Oxford Street and nearby .	Correct
Finally , I would recommend you and your group try shopping and sightseeing around Oxford Street and nearby .	Incorrect
I look forward to see you and your group soon .	Correct
I look forward to seeing you and your group soon .	Incorrect
Your Sincerely ,	Correct
Yours Sincerely ,	Incorrect
As you requested which is the interesting building to visit . I would strongly recommend the Barbican Centre building in the city .	Correct
As you asked which is the most interesting building to visit , I would strongly recommend the Barbican Centre building in the city .	Incorrect
It located in the city and the nearest tube station is Moorgate Station .	Correct
It is located in the city and the nearest tube station is Moorgate Station .	Incorrect
The Barbican Centre built in 1975 .	Correct
The Barbican Centre was built in 1975 .	Incorrect
There are also world stock market exchange , an opera theatre , shopping arcades , books and records stores .	Correct
There are also the world stock - market exchange , an opera theatre , shopping arcades , and book and record stores .	Incorrect
It also held an internation exhibition all year round .	Correct
It also holds an international exhibition all year round .	Incorrect
Recently , the exhibition of africa just finished .	Correct
Recently , the African exhibition just finished .	Incorrect
The opening time starts from 7.30 AM . till late at night when the theatre is closed .	Correct
It is open from 7.30 AM . till late at night when the theatre closes .	Incorrect
The building is huge with high technology and construction and a tight security .	Correct
The building is huge with modern technology and construction and tight security .	Incorrect
It upgraded the building every year .	Correct
It is upgraded the building every year .	Incorrect
You and your group will visit one building which has so many places in this building .	Correct
You and your group will visit one building which has very many places in this building .	Incorrect
So that you can spend your time in one go .	Correct
So you can spend your time in one go .	Incorrect
Dear Mrs Maria Smith	Correct
Dear Mrs Smith	Incorrect
Thank you for your letter which arrived me this morning .	Correct
Thank you for your letter which arrived this morning .	Incorrect
Of course it is a pity that Mr. Brown has been ill , but we are happy that you are comeing now .	Correct
Of course it is a pity that Mr. Brown has been ill , but we are happy that you are coming now .	Incorrect
You asked me which hotel the group had been booked .	Correct
You asked me which hotel the group had been booked into .	Incorrect
It is the Palace hotel , about a mile away where the conference will take place .	Correct
It is the Palace Hotel , about a mile away from where the conference will take place .	Incorrect
The best way to get there , is to take the bus number 7 .	Correct
The best way to get there is to take the number 7 bus .	Incorrect
You will leave the bus at , , Royal gardens " .	Correct
You will get off the bus at " Royal Gardens " .	Incorrect
Turn left and go straight to , , Baker street " At the need of this street there is the house number 18 .	Correct
Turn left and go straight along " Baker Street " . At the end of this street there is a house , number 18 .	Incorrect
You wish to know all about , , the end - of - conference party .	Correct
You wish to know all about the end - of - conference party .	Incorrect
As far as I can see there will be only a little dinner and a group of young singers will surprise us by their songs .	Correct
As far as I can see , there will be only a little dinner and a group of young singers will surprise us with their songs .	Incorrect
Moreover you asked what to wear . Do not bother .	Correct
Moreover you asked what to wear . Do not worry .	Incorrect
I would recommend you wearing some casual clothes , like a jeans , a blouse or a skirt and a jacket .	Correct
I would recommend you wear some casual clothes , like jeans , a blouse or a skirt and a jacket .	Incorrect
Donnot forget to wear a pair of comfortable shoes , because you will not have chance to change it .	Correct
Do not forget to wear a pair of comfortable shoes , because you will not have the chance to change them .	Incorrect
Finally I give you some advise for what you could do for about three hours .	Correct
Finally I will give you some advice about what you could do for about three hours .	Incorrect
Firstly we have a nice and interesting museum , it is located near the hotel .	Correct
Firstly , we have a nice interesting museum , it is located near the hotel .	Incorrect
Furthemore there is the zoo with a lot of different animals , located to walk within five minutes .	Correct
Also , there is the zoo with a lot of different animals , located within five minutes ' walk .	Incorrect
Lastly there is also a very old and famous church , with many coloured windows .	Correct
Lastly , there is also a very old and famous church , with many coloured windows .	Incorrect
For further information please call me up . I hope you will have an interesting conference here .	Correct
For further information , please call me . I hope you will have an interesting conference here .	Incorrect
I am looking forward seeing you	Correct
I am looking forward to seeing you .	Incorrect
The telephone a very important invention	Correct
The telephone : a very important invention .	Incorrect
In my early childhood my mother said to me that when she has been a litte girl there has been only one telephone in the house where she had lived .	Correct
In my early childhood my mother said to me that when she was a little girl there was only one telephone in the building where she lived .	Incorrect
It has been in her parents ' appartement .	Correct
It was in her parents ' apartment .	Incorrect
The neighbours had come into to make their calls and to get their calls .	Correct
The neighbours came to make their calls and to get their calls .	Incorrect
Todays nobody could imagine such a situation .	Correct
Today nobody could imagine such a situation .	Incorrect
In every household there is a telephone at least .	Correct
In every household there is one telephone at least .	Incorrect
There are a lot of advantages for it .	Correct
There are a lot of advantages to it .	Incorrect
Firstly people are able to talk to person on every time . Be it : just for fun or also to discuss some important and relevant thins .	Correct
Firstly , people are able to talk to a person at any time , be it just for fun or to discuss some important and relevant things .	Incorrect
Moreover we always can call for help to the police , to the hospital or to a doctor .	Correct
Moreover we can always call the police , the hospital or a doctor for help .	Incorrect
This could save life !	Correct
This could save your life !	Incorrect
An other advantage is that all offices , firms and industries could not further exist without it .	Correct
Another advantage is that all offices , firms and industries could not exist without it .	Incorrect
All people know this situation ; people want not to be interrupted , maybe they are reading a book , having a good talk or are having a little sleep ... then the telephone rings ... !	Correct
All people know this situation : people want not to be interrupted , maybe they are reading a book , having a good talk or are having a little sleep ... then the telephone rings ... !	Incorrect
It is not an easy desicion how to react now .	Correct
It is not an easy decision how to react now .	Incorrect
Another point of disadvantage is that the mobile phones are ringing . everywhere and on every time .	Correct
Another point of disadvantage is that mobile phones are ringing everywhere and all the time .	Incorrect
To sum up this invention is one of the most useful things .	Correct
To sum up , this invention is one of the most useful things .	Incorrect
It is always the same how to people use it or not and how people handle it .	Correct
It is always the same how people use it or not and how people handle it .	Incorrect
thankyou for your letter , wich arrived yesterday .	Correct
thank you for your letter , which arrived yesterday .	Incorrect
I hope to give you , all the information need and please , if you want more information or somenthing is not clear , please do n't esitate to contact me again .	Correct
I hope to give you all the information you need and , please , if you want more information or something is not clear , please do n't hesitate to contact me again .	Incorrect
The Hotel is near the station and is call " Grand Placad " .	Correct
The hotel is near the station and is called " Grand Placad " .	Incorrect
When you arrived you take the train for Guildford and after you have just across the road , in front of the station .	Correct
When you arrive you take the train to Guildford and after that you just have to cross the road in front of the station .	Incorrect
It 's very confortable hotel where you can find everything you need .	Correct
It 's a very comfortable hotel where you can find everything you need .	Incorrect
From there to the conference you have to take the bus number 50 , that stop near the hotel and arrive in town center .	Correct
From there to the conference you have to take the number 50 bus , which stops near the hotel and arrives in the town centre .	Incorrect
The conference is organised in the civic hall so it is very simple to found it .	Correct
The conference is held in the civic hall so it is very easy to find it .	Incorrect
At the end of conference there is a party a perfect opportunity for your students meet new friends from all part of word and they could speak about their experience .	Correct
At the end of the conference there is a party , a perfect opportunity for your students to make new friends from all parts of the world and they can talk about their experience .	Incorrect
I suggest for that conference to wear somenthing very confortable but elegant , the organisation want for all boys wear jacket , the tie is not necessary .	Correct
For this conference I suggest wearing something very comfortable but elegant . The organisation wants all the men to wear a jacket , but a tie is not necessary .	Incorrect
I do n't know rely what you can see , three hours I think is not enough but near the station there is a beautiful garden popular for its variety of flowers .	Correct
I do n't really know what you should see ; I do n't think three hours is enough but near the station there is a beautiful park , popular for its variety of flowers .	Incorrect
If I found somenthing special to visit in three hours I call you .	Correct
If I find something special you will be able to visit in three hours I will call you .	Incorrect
Your sincerely	Correct
Yours sincerely	Incorrect
Dear Ser or madam	Correct
Dear Sir or Madam	Incorrect
In that area there are a lot of things you can see and some interesting building to visit .	Correct
In this area there are a lot of things you can see and some interesting buildings to visit .	Incorrect
It is the more important church in that area for its architeture .	Correct
It is the most important church in this area because of its architecture .	Incorrect
It is somenthing very particular , its paviment made from many small pecis of wood , its windows with many colours , it is fantastic .	Correct
It is something very special . Its ceiling is made from many small pieces of wood . Its windows with many colours . It is fantastic .	Incorrect
It was built on the top of the hill and around there is only a huge field .	Correct
It is built on the top of the hill and around it there is only a huge field .	Incorrect
You can arrive here wolking because the bus stop just on the bottom of the hill .	Correct
You can walk there because the bus stops just at the bottom of the hill .	Incorrect
But really you must see it , the position of the cathedral give you a somenthing special a big tranquility .	Correct
But really you must see it . The position of the cathedral gives you a special something a great tranquillity .	Incorrect
I look farword to hearing from you	Correct
I look forward to hearing from you	Incorrect
best regardes	Correct
best regards	Incorrect
I hope that all the information you need would be answered satisfactorialy .	Correct
I hope that all the information you need will be provided satisfactorily .	Incorrect
First of all you have been booked at the palace hotel .	Correct
First of all you have been booked in at the palace hotel .	Incorrect
Secondly the best way to go from the hotel to the conference center is to use one of the shutel buses we provide at this efect .	Correct
Secondly the best way to go from the hotel to the conference centre is to use one of the shuttle buses we provide at this event .	Incorrect
they are going to leave at 9 o'clock .	Correct
They are going to leave at 9 o'clock .	Incorrect
concerning the end conference party .	Correct
Concerning the end - of - conference party .	Incorrect
It is going to take place in the same hotel , the palace hotel , we suggest casual dressing for this special event .	Correct
It is going to take place in the same hotel , the Palace Hotel . We suggest casual dress for this special event .	Incorrect
Finaly , concerning your free afternoon , there are plenty of activities , but I suggest you , to visit the Caldea center wich is a very special bath center .	Correct
Finally , concerning your free afternoon , there are plenty of activities , but I suggest you visit the Caldea centre , which is a very special bath centre .	Incorrect
If you need futher information do not hesitate to contact us .	Correct
If you need further information do not hesitate to contact us .	Incorrect
Your sincerely	Correct
Yours sincerely	Incorrect
In your previous letter you asked information about interesting building to visit in my country .	Correct
In your previous letter you asked for information about interesting buildings to visit in my country .	Incorrect
There are plenty of churchs , cathedrals , and olds cotages .	Correct
There are plenty of churches , cathedrals , and old cottages .	Incorrect
The churchs and the cathedral are very intesting because of their differents romanics styles .	Correct
The churches and the cathedral are very interesting because of their different Romanic styles .	Incorrect
If you are interested by more moderns buildings I can suggest you to visit " Caldea " which is a very modern bath centre with a beautiful architecture .	Correct
If you are interested in more modern buildings I suggest you visit " Caldea " , which is a very modern bath centre with beautiful architecture .	Incorrect
Finaly if none of my suggestion fit with yours expectations , let me kwon more about what kind of buildings you are interested in and I 'll do all my best to find something more suitable .	Correct
Finally if none of my suggestions fit with your expectations , let me know more about what kind of buildings you are interested in and I 'll do my best to find something more suitable .	Incorrect
In replied of your letter , I will try to give you some advices .	Correct
In reply to your letter , I will try to give you some advice .	Incorrect
The conference will take place not far from the hotel so you will see indications to follow .	Correct
The conference will take place not far from the hotel so you will see directions to follow .	Incorrect
For the conference , I suggest you to wear a beautiful dress , because there will be important persons of others colleges .	Correct
For the conference , I suggest you wear a beautiful dress , because there will be important people from other colleges .	Incorrect
At the end of the conference , all students and leader will have a drink .	Correct
At the end of the conference , all students and leaders will have a drink .	Incorrect
To finish , if you have spare time , you could walk on the center of Poitiers which is very beautiful .	Correct
To finish , if you have spare time , you could walk in the centre of Poitiers which is very beautiful .	Incorrect
I hope I give you enough details .	Correct
I hope I have given you enough details .	Incorrect
I look forward to meeting you on the conference .	Correct
I look forward to meeting you at the conference .	Incorrect
It 's a modern building with an architecture that you ca n't see in other place .	Correct
It 's a modern building with an architecture that you ca n't see in any other place .	Incorrect
What is impressive on this building is the number of tubes that you can see outside and inside the building .	Correct
What is impressive about this building is the number of tubes that you can see outside and inside the building .	Incorrect
On the Pompidou 's center , there are different expositions on different themes .	Correct
In the Pompidou centre , there are different exhibitions on different themes .	Incorrect
This expositions are often very attractive and they change every year .	Correct
These exhibitions are often very attractive and they change every year .	Incorrect
Another good point , if you go there you will have an extraordinary view on the city .	Correct
Another good point , if you go there you will have an extraordinary view over the city .	Incorrect
So if you visit Paris , the Pompidou 's center is a very interesting building to visit , even if in Paris there are many others buildings .	Correct
So if you visit Paris , the Pompidou centre is a very interesting building to visit , even if in Paris there are many other buildings .	Incorrect
I am writing in response to your letter in order to give you some further information about the international student conference in our college .	Correct
I am writing in response to your letter in order to give you some further information about the international student conference at our college .	Incorrect
